I hate how you cant even say black paint anymore Now I have to say "Leroy can you please paint the fence?"   What's the difference between a Jew in Nazi Germany and pizza ? Pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven . I'm so sorry.   I recently went to America.... ...and being there really helped me learn about American culture. So I visited a shop and as I was leaving, the Shopkeeper said "Have a nice day!" But I didn't so I sued him.   Brian raises his hand and says, Hes in Heaven. A Sunday school teacher is concerned that his students might be a little confused about Jesus, so he asks his class, Where is Jesus today? Brian raises his hand and says, Hes in Heaven. Susan answers, Hes in my heart. Little Johnny waves his hand furiously and blurts out, Hes in our bathroom! The teacher is surprised by this answer and asks Little Johnny how he knows this. Well, Little Johnny says, every morning, my Dad gets up, bangs on the bathroom door and yells Jesus Christ, are you still in there?'   You hear about the University book store worker who was charged for stealing 20,000 worth of books? He got caught trying to sell the two books to a freshman.   Why is it unknown on how pterodactyls urinate especially during flight? Because the p is silent.   Why women need legs? To avoid leaving tracks like a snail while walking.   I walked into a PETA adoption center and the receptionist asked me what kind of dog I wanted Apparently "Whatever's low in cholesterol" was not the right answer.   How did TV studios make words appear on screen before computers? Character actors!   How do you find Will Smith in the snow? You follow his fresh prints.   Remember when you were a kid and when you cried your parents said, "I'll give you a reason to cry"? I always thought they were gunna hit me, not that they were going to destroy the housing market 20 years later.   Remember, you can't spell Valentine's Day without... ... Anal Destiny.   Happy try not to jump off a bridge day! Oh and it's also Valentines day   My boss said to me, "you're the worst train driver ever. How many have you derailed this year?" I said, "I'm not sure; it's hard to keep track."   If I get a bird I'm naming it Trump cuz all they do is Tweet   I was going to get a headjob for Valentines Day But my back was sore and I couldn't reach.   A mother went into a coma after giving birth to twins When she woke up after 6 months and 3 days, the doctor told the mother: "While you were in a coma, we had your brother name your children. One is a boy, one is a girl." The mother, with a disappointed and angry look on her face told the doctor: "Why my brother? That guy is an idiot. So what did he name them?" The mother, expecting hideous names, prepared herself. "The girl, was named Denise." The mother thought, "Hey that wasn't so bad. What about my boy?" The doctor said, "Denephew".   What do you call an exercise machine with a strobe light? An epileptical.   My dad has a heart of a lion ...and a lifetime ban from the local zoo.   Smaller babies may be delivered by a stork. But the bigger, heavier ones are delivered by a crane.   A monkey is getting stoned in a zoo... Welcome to India   I've translated a popular Russian joke to English , wanna hear you reaction )) A young boy says to his father "Dad, our math teacher is asking to see you." "What happened?" The father asks. "Well, she asks me, 'how much is 7 9?' I answer '63' , then she asks, 'and 9 7?' so I asked 'what's the fucking difference?' " "Indeed, what is the difference?" asks the father. ''Sure, I'll go.'' The next day, the boy comes home from school "Dad, have you gone by the school?" He asks. "Not yet." "Well when you do, come and see the gym teacher also." "Why?" asks the father. The boy explains, "Well we had a gym class today, and he asked me to raise my left arm, I did. Then my right arm, I also raised it. Then he asked me to lift my right leg, so I did. 'Now,' he says, 'lift your left leg,' so I asked 'What, am I suppose to stand on my cock!?'" "Exactly," says the father. "Alright, I'll come." The next day, the boy asks his father "Did you go to the school?" "No, not yet." "Don't bother, I got expelled." Surprised, the father asks "Why did you get expelled?" "Well, they summoned me to the principal's office, and sitting there were the math teacher, the gym teacher, and the art teacher." "The fuck was the art teacher doing there!?" asks the father. "That's what I said" replied the boy.   What did the mommy bean say to her son when he asked for money? I dont have any, go ask your fava   When You Break Up At 11:59 Tonight And save 300 instantly.   I wanted to buy an Audi. But I can't A4'd it.   I'm Trying to Remember The Name of A Song It's about a girl with amnesia talking to her Grandmother. The lyrics are "Oh, Nana, What's My Name?"   What are minorities? Lesser people.   Did you hear that Donald Trump is technically a plant? Because all of his cells have built a wall.   i had trouble swallowing a viagra last night my neck was stiff for 4 hours   What is the king of all school supplies? The Ruler   A rugby player was hurt very badly during a scrum and he had both of his ears ripped off... Since he was permanently disfigured, he decided to give up playing rugby for good. His club and insurance company ensured that a large sum of money went his way. One day, he decided to invest his money in a small but growing sportswear business. He bought the company outright but after signing on the dotted line, realized that he knew nothing about business. He decided to employ someone to run the shop. The next day he set up three interviews. The first guy was great. He knew everything he needed to and was very enthusiastic. At the end of the interview, the former rugby player asked him, Do you notice anything different about me? And the man replied, Why, yes, I couldnt help noticing you have no ears. The rugby player got angry and threw him out. The second interview was with a woman, and she was even better than the first guy. He asked her the same question, Do you notice anything different about me? She replied: Well, you have no ears. He got upset again and showed her the door. The third and last interview was with the best of the three. He was a very young man fresh out of college. He was smart and handsome and seemed to know all about the sportswear business. The rugby player was anxious, but went ahead and asked him the same question: Do you notice anything different about me? To his surprise the young man answered: Yes, you wear contact lenses. The former rugby player was shocked, and said, What an incredibly observant young man you are. How in the world did you know that? The young man fell off his chair laughing hysterically and replied, Well, its pretty hard to wear glasses with no flipping ears!   A man was in his front yard mowing grass when his attractive blonde female !! A man was in his front yard mowing grass when his attractive blonde female neighbor came out of the house and went straight to the mail box. She opened it, slammed it shut, and stormed back in the house. A little later she came out of her house and again went to the mail box and again opened it, then slammed it shut again. Angrily, back into the house she went. As the man was getting ready to edge the lawn, here she came out again, marched to the mail box, opened it and then slammed it closed harder than ever. Puzzled by her actions the man asked her, Is something wrong? To which she replied, There certainly is! My stupid computer keeps giving me a message saying, YOUVE GOT MAIL!   A woman runs into a doctors office and says DOCTOR! DOCTOR! You have to help me! Everywhere I touch on my body it hurts! A woman runs into a doctors office and says DOCTOR! DOCTOR! You have to help me! Everywhere I touch on my body it hurts! The doctor replied, Show me. So the woman poked her ankle and screamed of pain. Then she poked her knee and yelled OW. She poked her forehead and screamed again. She was about to continue when the doctor said, Thats enough, let me think this over. He thought for about a minute and said I think I know what your problem is. You broke your finger.   Why did the producers of 007 films use government debt to fund their newest film? Because interest in the Bond is so low.   Pocket empty day ! Happy pocket empty day.   I want to see that new movie coming out with Scarlett Johannson but she probably isn't available.   Man gets lost in the desert. He has no compass and he has lost his sense of direction. Suddenly he sees a caravan on the horizon. He jumps, shouts and waves his arms to get their attention, and, oh joy, they notice him and move in his direction. But his happiness is short lived, as the travelers turn out to be mean and sadistic. They rough him up, and then bury him in the sand with only his head above the surface. He grimly contemplates whether he'll die of sun stroke, dehydration or from attack of some savage beast. Suddenly, a lone traveler appears in front of him and inquires about his predicament. You see, first I got lost, without a compass and provisions. Then I encountered these sadists, who beaten me up, bury me this way and left... Can you believe such behavior? Tsk, tsk... says the traveler, as he puts his foot on top of the man's head and pushes it under the surface Amateurs, such amateurs...   Why is it so hard to break up with a Japanese Girl? You have to drop the Bomb twice before she gets the Message.   Site of the 2017 Dane county massacre. All that is left after tens of snowmen were brutally melted on this spot by a massive indifferent ball of fire.   He fucked what? A small child asks his father: Boy: Dad, where did I come from? Dad: The Stork, son. Boy: what's wrong with you dad? Your wife is so gorgeous yet you're out fucking The Stork?   My wife wants to eat somewhere shes never eaten before for V-Day I told her she should try the kitchen   I was offered sex with a 21 yr old today In exchange, I was supposed to advertise some kind of bathroom cleaner. Of course I declined, because I am a person with high moral standards and strong willpower. Just as strong as Ajax, the super strong bathroom cleaner. Now available with scented lemon or vanilla.   3 women talk "The other day I touched my husband's balls and realized that they are cold. Never noticed before!" - says the first. Next day the second woman tells to the others: "That's true! I touched my husband's balls and they are also cold. It's curious." Next day the third woman appears with her eye blacked. "What happened?" - her friends wonder. "Well, I touched my husband's balls and then asked him why his balls are warm but all other men have them cold."   There are two types of people The ones who bang on the wall, And the ones who bang on the wall because I'm banging my girlfriend on the wall   Why did the computer squeak? Someone stepped on its mouse.   i found a place where the recycling rate is 98. Your moms bed.   Valentine's day fights My wife sat down on the couch next to me as I was flipping channels. She asked, 'What's on TV?' I said, 'Dust.' And then the fight started.... My wife was hinting about what she wanted for our upcoming anniversary. She said, 'I want something shiny that goes from 0 to 100 in about 3 seconds.' I bought her a weighing scale. And then the fight started.... When I got home last night, my wife demanded that I take her someplace expensive. So I took her to a petrol pump. And then the fight started.... My wife was standing looking in the bedroom mirror. She was not happy with what she saw and said to me, 'I feel horrible. I look old, fat and ugly. I really need you to give me a compliment." I replied, "Your eyesight is perfect." And then the fight started.... I asked my wife, "Where do you want to go for our anniversary?" It warmed my heart to see her face melt in sweet appreciation. "Somewhere I've not been in a long time." So I took her to my parents' house. And then the fight started....   I feel so bad for the necrophiliac's sister She died a virgin but she sure wasn't buried one   What's the difference between you and a Calendar? A Calendar has a date on Valentine's day.   Julian Lennon messed up breakfast He tried to make eggs. He broke the yoke. Yoke! Oh! Oh no!   A guy calls home 'Hello!?' 'Hey! Honey, you wouldn't believe the day I'm having right now, I lost my phone!' 'Hello, I'm not your wife, I'm Cecelia, your new maid!' 'Oh! That's great! Welcome! I'm having a crazy day right now, can you please hand the phone to my wife?' 'I would but she just locked her room and went in with another man!' 'What!! That's a disaster! As if this day wouldn't get worse!! All these years, all this love for this day! I can't bear this anymore' 'I'm really sorry to hear that!' 'Don't be sorry, it's not your fault! I need a moment to think but time is running out! Do one thing... In the drawer below the phone there's a gun!' 'What!! I won't do anything stupid!!' 'No.. You don't understand.. I'm very rich and powerful.. No one can touch you and I'll pay you a million!' 'But...' 'I'll pay you two million but you have to be quick about it, he shouldn't get away!' 'Okay..' Cecelia steps away and there are two bangs that are heard. 'I've done it' 'Excellent! Now throw the bodies in the empty pool at the back and I'll take care of them when I get back' 'What pool!???' 'Umm.. Is this 852236709?'   I found a place where the recycling rate is 100 This post.   Roses are gray. Violets are gray. I'm a dog. Happy Valentine's Day!   I hear the Mexicans are planning an attack on America Don't worry, we have our Trump card.   I bought my friend an elephant for their room. They said thank you. I said don't mention it.   You're laughing because I'm laughing. But I'm laughing braces I just farted.   This guy proposed to his wife after walking away from a terrible car accident without a scratch. He said "Life's too short and it can end at any time." She said "Honey, we've been married for 7 years. I think you have amnesia."   TIL you can drink lava But only once   First woman on mars. Houston we have a problem...OK what is it? If you don't know already I am not going to tell you. You wouldn't understand.   Recipe idea: rosemary and thyme lamb, without the thyme. I give you, "The Lamb That Thyme Forgot"   What are the two most common names of Mexican fire-fighter? Jos and Hose B.   Ice Cube was asked if there was a rock band from the 80's of which he would have sex with all the members of... ... and he said "Fuck the Police"   Bad Advertisement Apparently using the words "Never opened" is no good, when trying to sell a parachute..   Roses are red. Cacti are thorny I just can't help that You make me horny   So Seamus and Mary are an elderly couple And they are very private. Ever since they were young they wouldn't talk about sex publicly, but instead developed a code phrase: Doing a load of laundry. One night they are out at the pub, having a couple drinks, and Seamus turns to Mary and asks "D'ya fancy going home and doing a load of laundry?" Mary looks at Seamus and says "you know that sounds lovely. Let's do." They finish their drinks and head home together. At home they are sitting in front of the fire, Seamus smoking his pipe and Mary with her knitting. Seamus asks "Mary? D'ya still fancy that load of laundry?" Mary looks at Seamus and says "aye I do, I really do. Let me just finish my knitting." So Seamus gets up and heads to the bed room. Mary keeps knitting and forgets all about Seamus. After an hour she realizes she forgot and jumps up and rushes to the bedroom. "Seamus?" Mary asks, "D'ya still fancy doing a load of laundry?" From under the covers Seamus replies "Y'know, Mary, it was a small load, so I did it by hand."   These reports of a major snowstorm hitting the Northeast don't concern me. It's all just flake news.   Why do you ask? A young Native American boy goes up to the chief of his tribe and asks "Chief, how did we get our names?" The Chief looked at the boy and said "Oh, that's simple. All parents in our tribe named their children after something that was occurring during their birth. For example, Snowflake was born during a great blizzard. Ember was born during a raging wildfire. Why do you ask, Two Dogs Fucking?"   Those ads actually ran. Yep, that's the joke. Funny how reality has become a joke.   There's a bizarre black-market concession stand in North America which sells only human body parts Customers who wish to purchase an item must use code-phrases to avoid the authorities' suspicion. One night a blind man stops by the stand. "What would you like to purchase today?" asks the cashier. "Oh, nothing" the blind man says, "I was just looking around!" An few hours later, a deaf man approaches the stand. The cashier realizes he can't hear him, and uses sign-language to ask what he'd like to purchase. "Well, I heard you guys are having a sale!" the deaf man states with a wink and a nudge. Finally, just before that night's closing time, a muscular man with no apparent disability walks up to the stand. The cashier asks what he'd like to purchase. "I don't know ... I heard you guys sold cherries!" the man states with a look of subtle expectation. The cashier, despite going through his mental checklist of code-phrases, has no idea what he wants. "I'm sorry, we've sold-out on that item." the cashier says with a puzzled stare. "Ah motherfucking christ!" the man screams in pseudo-frustration. However, the cashier just stands there with an agitated face. The customer, realizing his attempts aren't getting through to the employee, tries a different approach. "Well, that's a darn shame!" he continues. "And I travelled across the entire count-" The man coughs. "-ry to get here!"   Burnt my Hawaiian pizza today Should have cooked it on aloha temperature   Why is the camel called the ship of the desert? Because its full of Arab semen.   A gorgeous young redhead goes into the doctor's office and said that her body hurt wherever she touched it... A gorgeous young redhead goes into the doctor's office and said that her body hurt wherever she touched it. 'Impossible!' says the doctor. 'Show me.' The redhead took her finger, pushed on her left shoulder and screamed, then she pushed her elbow and screamed even more. She pushed her knee and screamed; likewise she pushed her ankle and screamed. Everywhere she touched made her scream. The doctor said, 'You're not really a redhead, are you? 'Well, no' she said, 'I'm actually a blonde.' 'I thought so,' the doctor said, 'Your finger is broken.'   What does a women say after having 3 orgasms in a row? Yeah I figured you wouldn't know.   The towns being evacuated under the Oroville Dam all voted Pro-Trump. Clearly those people love to live in constant fear of disaster.   A Man Gets Really Drunk A man gets really drunk at a bar and asks the bartender for the bathroom. The bartender points to the bathroom and the man complains about having to take a serious shit and runs towards it. A few minutes later the man screams in agony, stops, then screams again. The bartender goes to check it out and yells to the man, "What the hell is going on?" "Everytime I press the lever, I feel like my balls are getting crushed!" the drunk yells. "You drunk bastard," the bartender replies, "you're sitting on the mop strainer again!"   What's the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don't know... but the flag is a big plus.   Did you hear about Leatherface's jewish cousin? He was also a serial killer. He liked to dig up the corpses of women and use their skin to furnish his house. After the police arrested him they discovered a whole morbid collection of objects. He had a belt made out of ears, a lampshade made from stitched together faces, they even found a labia menora.   A milestone Is one mile closer to the stone.   I floss religiously. I do it on Christmas and Easter.   I used to think everyone on 4chan was a virgin, But this Guy Fawkes.   What part of the house got busted for drugs? The attic   Manager : So do you think you'd be a good waiter? Me : well, you could say I bring a lot to the table.   An optometrist asks a woman out on a date I have a couple of ideas: 1: Dinner 2: Movies 1 or 2? 1.. 2..? 1..... or 2?   Did you hear about the Chinese godfather? He made him an offer he couldn't understand.   A pair of jumper cables walks into a bar The bartender sighs and says; "I'll serve you, but don't start anything!"   How many South Americans does it take to change a light bulb? A Brazilian.   Scientists have been trying to talk to dolphins for years. One day it just clicked.   They say only men and lesbians can be funny... Must be something in the pussy they're eating   Whats long and hard and full of semen? A Submarine.   Dad, how do you know if someone is drunk? Dad: Look son, you see those two people walking by?, if I had seen 4, I would've been drunk. Son: But dad, there's only one person.   Why did the scientist install a knocker on hisher door? Heshe wanted to win the no-bell prize.   A man is shopping for cattle in 1886... He finally settles on a perfect Black Angus bull. He says to the owner "Here's the money. I need to send a message to my wife to come pick up the bull. She already knows where I am but I need her to come pick him up now before it gets dark. Where can a fella send a telegram?" The owner tells him that he has a machine but it is 100 a word. "That's outrageous! I only have 100." The owner says to him "Better make it good then." The man thinks for a few minutes and plops down the cash. "Send her this word: Comfortable." The owner of the bull looks confused and asks "How will that tell her anything?" To which the man replies "Well my wife can barely read, so she'll just read it reeeeeeal slow."   I thought of the first Fleshlight As it turns out it already existed but i came to it on my own   Doctor, are you sure he was Dead? Q: Doctor, before you performed the autopsy, did you check for a pulse? A: No. Q: Did you check for blood pressure? A: No. Q: Did you check for breathing? A: No. Q: So, then it is possible that the patient was alive when you began the autopsy? A: No. Q: How can you be so sure, Doctor? A: Because his brain was sitting on my desk in a jar. Q: But could the patient have still been alive nevertheless? A: Yes, it is possible that he could have been alive and practicing law somewhere. z PS. This is actual testimony from a trial...........   Why are the dinosaurs afraid of Gordon Ramsey? He took a bite from one of his prey and complained that it was "FUCKING RAAAAAAWWWWW!"   A lot of women turn into great drivers... So if you're a great driver, look out for women who are turning.   Valentines Day Flowers Blonde 1: Oh how I hate when he brings me flowers. All night I'll be on my back with my legs in the air. Blonde 2: Don't you own a vase?   1 Uconn women's team going for historic 100th consecutive team in a sold out stadium against 6 South Carolina Espn2   A man escapes from prison where he has been for 15 years He breaks into a house to look for money and guns and finds a young couple in bed. He orders the guy out of bed and ties him to a chair, while tying the girl to the bed he gets on top of her, kisses her neck, then gets up and goes into the bathroom. While he's in there, the husband tells his wife: "Listen, this guy's an escaped convict, look at his clothes! He probably spent lots of time in jail and hasn't seen a woman in years. I saw how he kissed your neck." If he wants sex, don't resist, don't complain, do whatever he tells you. Satisfy him no matter how much he nauseates you. This guy is probably very dangerous. If he gets angry, he'll kill us. Be strong, honey. I love you." To which his wife responds: "He wasn't kissing my neck. He was whispering in my ear. He told me he was gay, thought you were cute, and asked me if we had any vaseline. I told him it was in the bathroom. Be strong honey. I love you too!!"   Did you hear the outrage over the rapist getting four years? And he gets to live in the White House to boot!   Sure Fire Pickup Line Get in the car bitchI got a gun!   Why did Michael Brown cross the road? He didn't. He's dead.   The term OP on rJokes Is pretty ironic   I'm an avid supporter of the Flat Earth Society! I always have heated debate about it with my friend residing in the other hemisphere.   People in California... At first, people in California were like "Oh, we don't have enough water!" and now they're like "Oh, we have too much water!" They can't make up their dam minds.   I took ribeye to the top of Everest... The steaks could not be higher.   A man finally buys tickets to bring his family to the super bowl... He excitedly sits down in his seat and his family takes their seats to his right. The game is about to start and he notices the seat next to his left is empty. He leans over to the guy a seat over and says, 'Hey man, did you buy this seat? Who would miss the super bowl!?' The man says to him, 'Yeah, I bought it for my wife but she passed away.' The first guy says, 'Oh, man, I'm so sorry to hear that... didn't you have a family member or friend that wanted the seat? I mean... It's the super bowl.' The man says, 'Yeah, there were a few, but they're all at the funeral.' I know its a month late, but a co-worker just told me this and his jokes are usually terrible grandpa-level jokes, so I had to post it.   Why do the riot police show up at concerts early? To beat the crowd.   Would you say 5 plus 7 is 13 or 5 plus 7 are 13?   Jaws Two guys are hitchhiking down the highway. At the same time an older couple is driving on the same road. The man has diarrhea something fierce. Every few miles he has his wife pull into a service station. Finally she gets tired of this and tells him Im not stopping. If you have to go that bad, hang your ass out the window and go. So the man does this as theyre passing the hitchhikers, one of which gets the full load on him. Damned snooze chewers!!! he yells. But his partner says Yeah, but did you see the JAWS on that sumbitch.   My substitute teacher had diarrhea... She couldn't control her Pewp Hole.   Sex Statistics on a Plane. A businessman boards a flight and is lucky enough to be seated next to an absolutely gorgeous woman. They exchange brief hellos and he notices she is reading a manual about sexual statistics. He asks her about it and she replies, "This is a very interesting book about sexual statistics. It identifies that American Indians have the longest average penises and Polish men have the biggest average diameter. By the way, my name is Jill. What's yours?" He coolly replies, "Tonto Kawalski, nice to meet you."   YEE HAWWW LETS ROUND UP ALL THEM DIRTY N- Crowd : D: Me: Nazis. . . . . Crowd: Sigh of relief Me: Especially Hans . . . . .Fuck Hans.   A flood warning is given, but the local priest decides to stay... The water level starts rising, but he has faith that God will save him. As the water is up to his knees, an old man in a rowboat sails up to him. "Hey," he says. "Need a lift?" The priest shakes his head. "No thank you, I have faith that the lord will save me. Use your boat to find those more in need." The rowboat heads off, and soon the water is up to the priest's chest. A rescue boat loaded with supplies comes racing up to him. "Grab my hand!" the captain yells. "We gotta get out of here!" "No!" The priest yells. "There are others who need help. I assure you, the lord will save me!" Reluctantly, the rescue boat rides off. As the water continues to rise, the priest is forced to the roof of his house. A helicopter flies over to him and lowers a winch. "Hold on!" Shouts the winchman as he holds out his hand. But the priest again shakes his head. "No! The lord will save me! Go save someone else!" Frustrated, the helicopter flies away. Sadly, the water becomes too much for the priest to deal with and he goes under. He finds himself in heaven, absolutely stunned. After going through the pearly gates, he walks straight up to God himself. "Lord," the priest says, "I spent my life devoted to you. I truly believed that you would protect me through the hardest times in my life. Yet when I needed you most, when my life was at stake, you weren't there for me!" "What are you talking about?" God replies. "I sent two boats and a fucking helicopter!!"   Police arrested two guys in the riots. One for looting batteries, the other for throwing fireworks. They charged one and let the other off.   A bitch ate my cookie, now the bitch is dead Apparently chocolate is bad for dogs   Have you heard of the new LGBTQ Music Awards? Yeah, theyre going to name it The Trannies   Joe bought a gun . . . Joe bought a gun. He walked right into the sporting goods store, up to the gun counter, and picked out a semi-automatic .12 gauge shotgun with a box of buckshot shells. The entire process took no more than twenty minutes. Joe left town and drove for a couple hours before exiting the highway and driving down a winding county road for another ten minutes. Joe pulled into a service station and parked his car. He sat in his vehicle, loaded five shells into his new Benelli shotgun, and chambered in a shell. Joe clicked off the safety and walked into the convenience store. There was no one in sight but the attendant behind the counter. Her name was Janice. She tried to run when she saw the shotgun but Joe shot her as she turned. She took some buckshot to the brain and died almost instantly. Joe walked behind the counter, stepping carefully over Janice, picked up the phone, and dialed 911. "I've killed a lady. I'm robbing the store," Joe told the 911 operator. He then emptied the cash register, walked out to his vehicle, and drove away. A short ways down the road, Joe came upon another service station. He pulled in and exited his vehicle. The owner of the service station was a capable man named Bill. Bill saw the look in Joe's eyes when Joe approached the door of the service station, and he saw the gun in his hand. Bill was ready with his own shotgun by the time Joe raised his, and Bill pumped a slug into Joe's abdomen. Bill immediately called for an ambulance and approached Joe with compassion. "Let me help you, son." As Bill tended to Joe's wounds as best as he could, it became clear that Joe might not survive. Bill asked him, "Why did you do it, son? Why did you bring that damn gun into my store? I had to shoot you. What, were you going to rob me? Why?" As the light of life flickered in Joe's eyes, with his dying breath he responded, "Damn it all. Shamu and Moby Dick put me up to it. They are waiting outside for me right now. I'm gonna go get them. Be right back, mister." And with that, Joe died. Bill would go on to give a full account of Joe's actions and his last words to the police and to the press. Then, the following morning, the Sunday paper headline read, "The Outlaw Joe Sees Whales"   My pal is a comedian. He woke me up late last night and asked if I could write a few gags for his set in a couple of days, because his mom just died and he was busy with her funeral. I agreed to help him out and asked if he had a topic in mind. He said, sorry, I'm too upset to be thinking about chocolate right now. Looks like I'm going to need help.   Why did the hungry baby calf cross the road? To get to the udder side.   I got kicked out of a grocery store... for taking a leek in the vegetable aisle.   What do you say to a Woman with no arms or legs? Nice Tits.   Measurements A man and his wife were outside their house doing yardwork. The husband looked over at his wife bent over her flower bed and said "ya know honey, I never really noticed how big your ass is. Why, I bet it's just as wide as the range on the grill." To prove his point, the man went and grabbed the tape measure out of his toolbox. First he measured the width of the grill then his wife's bottom. "Yep, just as thought. It really is as big as the grill." The wife got offended and stormed back into the house. Later that night, laying in bed, the husband started feeling frisky. He put his arm around hia wife and said "hey honey, what do ya say we fool around a little bit?". The wife turned to face him and said "Now why would I fire up this big ol' grill for one little weenie?".   NSFW Did you hear about the guy whose house was overrun with cats? Apparently it was more pussy than he could handle.   I am going out with my valentine tonight I wish I could post it on different sub   I've been suffering from an extreme form of memory loss alt-zheimers   A distraught man goes to his doctor and says "Doc, there's a piece of lettuce sticking out of my butt!" The doctor asks him to drop his pants and examines him. The man asks: "Doc, does it look serious?" The doctor replies: "Sorry to tell you, but it's just the tip of the iceberg."   Relationships are a lot like algebra. Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?   Did you hear about the hostage situation at the spice factory? They used a cumin shield.   An Engineer Goes to Hell An Engineer dies and goes to hell. He's hot and miserable, so he decides to take action. The AC has been busted for a long time, so he fixes it. Things cool down quickly. The moving walkway motor jammed, so he un jams it. People can get from place to place more easily. The TV was grainy and unclear, so he fixes the connection to the Satellite dish and now they get hundreds of high def channels. One day, God decides to look down on Hell to see how his grand design is working out and notices that everyone is happy and enjoying umbrella drinks. He asks the Devil what's going on? The Devil replies, "Things are great down here since you sent us that engineer." "What?? An engineer? I didn't send you one of those, that must have been a mistake. Send him back up right this minute." The Devil responds, "No way! We are going to keep our engineer. We like this guy." God demands, "If you don't send him to me immediately, I'll sue!" The Devil laughs. "Where are you going to get a lawyer?"   How do you find Will Smith in the snow? You look for the fresh prints.   I first realized we were a poor family when on my birthday I asked for the new sweet iphone. And got a candy apple.   If Harry Potter were about pirates: "It's Levi-O-sARRRRRRR"   An American and a Chinese were arguing about which government was better The American boasts, "clearly the American government is better. You can go to the white house with a megaphone and yell 'Trump sucks!' and you wouldn't even be arrested." The Chinese replied, "what of it? You can go to Tiananmen square and yell 'Trump sucks!' and you still wouldn't be arrested."   When m'y girlfriend said let's not bother and do nothing this year for valentine's day I agreed and realised way later that included sex   It's hard to believe I can smoke five cigarettes on a two mile walk to work... But it's not that I'm a chainsmoker, it's just the COPD makes me walk really slow.   My wife told me "For Valentine's Day, nothing would make me happier than a diamond necklace" So I got her nothing.   US Politics are Hillaryous.   Women are time and money Women time money Time is money Women money2 Money is the root of all evil Therefore Women Evil   What's a ninjas favorite drink? WWWAAAATTTAAAAr...   A pecan walks into a library... The librarian says, "so do you live in one of those little round houses? Pecan says, in a nutshell, yeah!   I used to be a fan... But now I'm just an air conditioner.   I was looking for the perfect Valentine's Day card when something caught my eye. One of the cards said "I love you and only you" I know this doesn't sound strange but it was a pack of 20 cards   My wife is very anti-kids and I finally got her to agree on how many kids we'll have We're having two litters.   Donald Trump makes the best deals. Right now he's negotiating for a better interest rate on Daylight Savings Time.   3 old ladies are sitting on a bus The first one says - it's windy. Second one says - it's not Wednesday, it's Thursday. Third one says - yea, I'm thirsty too, we should buy something to drink.   You know your girlfriends a keeper If she wears gloves, soccer jersey and cleats   I've never done drugs before. I sidled up to the local drug dealer on the corner ... can I get an ounce of cocaine? look pal, I only sell grams! fuck it, give us an ounce of grams then!   Whats 12 inches long, purple and makes women scream in the middle of the night? Crib death   I need help writing a BDSM joke. I'm having trouble working out all the kinks.   Whats black and screams? Stevie Wonder answering the iron   When did the man know it was time to dump his fat GF? When he realized it just wasn't going to work out.   How do you know if you have a high sperm count? She chews before she swallows.   So I'm dating this girl who has a twin sister, and one night I got confused and ended up fucking her dad... :   Roses are red Violets are blue Ive got genital warts soon you will too   A couple are walking in St. Petersburg square on Christmas Eve. They start to feel some light precipitation "I think it's raining" says the man "No it's snowing" replies the woman. "How about we ask this communist officer here?" "He is always right" exclaims the man. "Officer Rudolph, is it raining or snowing?" "Definitely raining" officer Rudolph replies before walking off. The man turns to his wife and says. "See? Rudolph the red knows rain, dear"   My girlfriend doesn't know any Metallica songs She couldn't name One   I have an inferiority complex but it's not a very good one.   Three types of boobs A family was at the dinner table. The son asked his Father: "Dad, how many kinds of boobs are there?? Surprised, the father answered:"Well, son, there are three kinds of Boobs" "In her 20's, a women's boobs are like Melons, round and firm." "In her 30's to 40's, they are like Pears, still nice but hanging a bit." "After 50, they are like Onions." Son: "Onions??" Father: "Yes, you see them and they make you cry." This made his Wife and Daughter Mad, so the Daughter asked her Mom: "How many kinds of Penises are there?" The Mother smiled and said,"Well dear, a man goes through 3 phases." "In his 20's, his penis is like an Oak Tree, Mighty and Hard." "In his 30's and 40's, it is like a Birch, Flexible but Reliable." "After 50's, it is like a Christmas Tree." Daughter: "Christmas Tree??" Mom: "Yes, the Tree is Dead and the Balls are just For Decoration!!"   You know how you can cut wood just by looking at it? You saw it. You saw it with your own two eyes.   3 nuns die and go to heaven... They're greeted warmly by the big pearly gates. The welcoming angel is holding a big bowl of water. He asks the first nun - have you ever touched a man's penis? The first nun trembles and says yes, she touched a penis but only with her fingers. Dip your fingers into the holy water and you will be pure, instructs the angel. The nun dips her fingers in the water and is allowed through the big pearly gates. The angel turns to the second nun and asks - did you touch a man's penis? Before she could answer, the third nun blurts out - eww, I'm not drinking that water after it goes up her ass!   A nurse walks up to the Doctor The nurse walks up to the doctor and asks... Doc, what are you doing? Doc says... I'm writing a prescription. Nurse says, but you're holding your thermometer. Doc looks at her and says God Damn it some asshole has my pen   I met a Soldier that survived Mustard Gas and Pepper spray He was a seasoned Veteran   One snow day a mother is making brownies for her kids She accidentally knocks her youngest son's jar of bb's into the brownie mix. She says "oh it'll be alright" Several hours after the brownies were done her youngest son comes to her with tears in his eyes and says "Mommy, when I was using the restroom I was peeing and something hard came out." She said "Oh it was just a BB, you'll be alright." Half an hour later she's cleaning and she hears sobbing coming from the bathroom, she sees her daughter and asks what's wrong. Her daughter says "I think I have kidney stones." The mom replies "oh it was just a BB, you'll be alright." Later that night she hears her oldest son laughing and says "Let me guess, you were peeing and a BB came out?" He says "No I was beating off and shot the dog!"   A man is served whiskey on a flight A man is served whiskey on a flight. The flight attendant asks the priest seated next to him, whether he would like a drink too? Priest: I would rather be raped by a dozen prostitutes than let liquor touch my lips The man returns the drink saying: Me too, I didn't know we had a choice...   A Chinese man is at a wedding And he's approached by a Jewish man who is clearly very drunk and the Jewish man says to him, "Hey, I just wanted to let you know, I still blame YOU for Pearl Harbor." And the Chinese man says, "What are you even talking about, that was the Japanese, I'm Chinese." To which the Jewish man replies, "Chinese, Japanese, you all are the same to me." And he walks away. Well this upset the Chinese man a bit so he decided to get a few drinks in him to help him calm down and maybe forget about the incident altogether. And so the Chinese man proceeded to drink until the wedding was over and as he was walking out he saw the Jewish man who had upset him earlier and being as inebriated as he was he decided to say something. The Chinese man goes to Jewish man, "Hey Buddy, I just wanted to let you know that I still blame YOU for the Titanic." "The Titanic?" Said the Jewish man, "What are you even talking about, that was an iceberg?" And the Chinese man says with a smug smile on his face, "Goldberg, iceberg, you're all the same to me."   How do you castrate Vladimir Putin? Kick Donald Trump in the chin.   Why did the Ancient Egyptians build Great Pyramids? Because their Great Igloos melted.   Knock knock KNOCKIN ON HEAVENS DOOOWUUUWAAAAAAA   What type of investment do chemists prefer? They have an affinity for bonds.   Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal. D J Trump: Fake News!   What do you call a lesbian cavewoman? A Troglodyke!   What did one boat say to the other? Are you up for a little row-mance?   Colleagues A female student walks down the street of a college town. She had a stressful day and is dying to smoke a cigarette, but her lighter simply won't work. Then she notices a few young women hanging out on street corner. She's shy, but eventually works up a courage to approach them. Out of nervousness she blurts out: Dear colleagues, I was wondering if you had a light? One of the women produces a lighter, and the student walks away, puffing away happily. The women watch her go, and finally one remarks: Puts out once, and now we're "colleagues"... Let the downvotes begin... ;)   Trump is suing Male enhancement giant Viagra.. He says it's a rigged erection   Michael Flynn bumps into Donald Trump Pardon me.   How do Mexicans feel about Trumps wall? They're already over it.   an American and a Australian are in the trenches the American asks: did you come here to die the Australian says back: no i came here yesterday   Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis The Wise? "No". I thought not. It's not a story the jedi would tell you.   Communism. Master race.   God, I wish that Id used a condom now. My wife walked in to the room when I was in the middle of a furious argument with our son. When he ran out of the room crying, I said to my wife, God, I wish that Id used a condom now. My wife was aghast and said, What! You mean you wish that our son had never been born? I said, No, Ive got his girlfriend pregnant.   I bought a dozen cup-cakes from a bakery. I got them home, opened the box and thought... that's odd.   An Irish man walks into a builders merchant He gets a tin of paint and puts it on the counter, then pays the cashier; the cashier asked if he'd like a bag for it. He says: "don't you worry, it's fine in the tin"   A Swede, an Icelander and a Norwegian end up shipwrecked on a deserted island. One day, as they are scouring the beaches for firewood, they come across an old oil lamp, washed ashore. The Swede picks it up and wipes it gently with his shirt sleeve, clearing the sand and the dirt. Out pops a spirit. The spirit says: "I have been trapped inside that lamp for a millennium due to a magic spell. Finally I have been set free. As a token of my gratitude, I will grant you one wish each." The Swede states that he is fed up with that little island and he would like to go back to Trelleborg. Poof, the Swede is gone. Next up is the Norwegian. He says: "I agree. I want to go home too, back to Narvik." Poof, the Norwegian vanishes. Now only the Icelander is left. After some pondering, he makes his wish. "It's too lonely out here all by myself. I want my friends back!"   I used to hate the ballet Now I just watch like nobody's dancing.   Did you hear about the kidnapping in the park the other day? He woke up.   After the death The Monkees' Davy Jones... I'd like to offer mickydolenzes to his family.   What does Doc Brown say when he tastes good booze? "Great scotch!"   How do you find a blind guy at a nudist colony? It's not hard...   Trump Trudeau Donald Trump and Justin Trudeau were we discussing politics when Donald leans in close and says: Donald: You know Justin, if the US were a Dictatorship I would be a Dictator. Justin: Yea, I suppose so Donald. Donald: And you know if the US were a Monarchy I would be a Monarch. Justin: That's also true Don, but I hate to break it to you, the US is a Country.   In honor of Valentine's Day - what's better than a rose on a piano? Tulips on an organ.   Twin sisters just turned 100 years old Twin sisters just turned one hundred years old in St. Luke's Nursing Home and the editor of the Cambridge rag, "The Cambridge Distorter," told a photographer to get over there and take the pictures of these 100 year old twin bitteys. One of the twins was hard of hearing and the other could hear quite well. The photographer asked them to sit on the sofa and the deaf one said to her twin, "WHAT DID HE SAY?" He said, "WE GOTTA SIT OVER THERE ON THE SOFA!" said the other. "Now get a little closer together," said the cameraman. Again, "WHAT DID HE SAY?" "HE SAYS SQUEEZE TOGETHER A LITTLE." So they wiggled up close to each other. "Just hold on for a bit longer, I've got to focus a little," said the photographer. Yet again, "WHAT DID HE SAY?" "HE SAYS HE'S GONNA FOCUS!" With a big grin the deaf twin shouted out, "OH MY GOD - BOTH OF US?"   Have you ever gone out on a first date and she tells you she never sleeps with anyone until at least the third date? That's just her way of getting two more dates out of you.   As a musician, I've learned the best way to win a Grammy... ...is to not release your music in the same year as Adele.   Life is like a diploma My parents keep telling me to get one.   What do you call Adele's groupies? The infadeles   What do you call a person in love with a pie Piesexual!   What do you get when you spell the word "man" backwards Flashbacks   Why did the white girl count by odds to ten? Because she can't even   I found a place where the recycling rate is 52 Switzerland   The Oroville dam catastrophe is Trump's fault No manmade structure was designed to hold back that many liberal tears   Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs? So people don't confuse them with feminists.   How do you encourage a bear to eat cheese? C'mon bear!   What'd the cowboy say when he walked into the German car dealership? Audi...   American, German and Bosnian guys compete... American, German and Bosnian guys compete who will fart out a wine bottle cap the furthest. American goes first, eats 1 bowl of beans and farts out the cap 5 feet. German goes next, eats a cauldron full of beans and farts the cap 17 meters. Bosnian goes last, eats 1 bean and farts. They couldn't find the cap and they give up. The next day on the news: "An UFO size of a wine bottle cap hits and kills a Japanese civilian!"   I went to the house I grew up in and wanted to look around I knocked on the door and asked if I could, the people just slammed the door in my face. My parents can be so rude sometimes.   Why was the orchestra teacher angry? Her students were pizzing her off.   An advertiser for coke is dispatched to Israel When he comes back, his friend asks him how it went. He replies that it did not go well. "What happened?" his friend asked. "Well, since I didn't know hebrew, I decided to convey the ad through a comic. The first panel showed a guy in a desert, dying of thirst. The secone panel showed him drinking coke. And the third panel showed him completely rejuvenated." "That sounds great! Why didn't it work?" "Nobody told me they read right to left!"   I just finished the first semester in college and here is a list of things I failed at: 1.) The 1st semester   Did you hear about the bakery that spent too much on cakes? They ended up with an antoinette loss!   My mother said that I'm indecisive I couldn't understand where that came from, so I asked people. "It's because you like both dogs and cats" said my boyfriend. "No, no, no. It's because she likes both tea and coffee" said my girlfriend.   Please pray for my daughter's soul She was born a red head.   Where do you find a dog with no legs? Right where you left it. I'm sorry. My mom taught me that joke and told me that every birthday and it's my birthday today.   What's Trump's least favorite periodic element? Just Tin   An interviewer asks a shepard Interviewer: How much milk do these cows give? Farmer: Which one? The Black ones or the brown ones? Interviewer: Brown ones. Farmer: A couple of litres per day. Interviewer: And the black ones? Farmer: A couple of litres per day. Interviewer(naturally a bit flummoxed): I see. What do you give them to eat? Farmer: Which ones? Black or brown? Interviewer: Black. Farmer: It eats grass. Interviewer: And the other ones? Farmer: Grass. Interviewer(now annoyed) : Why do you keep asking which one when the answers are the same?! Farmer: Because the black ones are mine. Interviewer: Oh, and the brown ones? Farmer: they are also mine   Jon: walks out from the bathroom- "Hey man sorry I took so long, I was just fixing my hair" Me: "Then what happened? Did you decide not to give a fuck??"   The last man sat in a room. There was a knock at the door... It was a lawyer. Edit: The last human on Earth.   I would like to propose a toast! For honor... If you can get honor. Stay honor. But if you can't come in her, Come honor. For honor!!   Bunny comes to Bear's bakery... He asks for a cabbage pie. Bear tells him they don't have that kind of pie. It repeats for a few days. Bear takes pity on Bunny and tells his wife, who does the baking: Please, bake a cabbage pie for Bunny. He comes in every day asking for it. So the next day, Bunny is there again. Do you have a cabbage pie? nbsp; Yeah, we do! nbsp; It's just gross, right?   How deep do the Sandusky genes run? All the way to boys size 12.   Yo mamma's so stupid She tried to use politics to determine if a vector field was conservative.   My wife left me after being seduced by an Asian guy. He's a real Dong Wong. I'll just show myself out...   What's the difference between a playing card and Africa? One is the ace of spades, the other is the space of aids.   What do all women at the womens marches have in common? They don't want the D   Two men are sitting drinking at a bar At the top of the Empire State Building, when the first man turns to the other and says "You know, last week I discovered that if you jump from the top of this building, the winds around the building are so intense that by the time you fall to the 10th floor, they carry you around the building and back into a window". The bartender just shakes his head in disapproval while wiping the bar. The second guy says, "What, are you nuts? There's no way that could happen. "No, its true," the first man says. "Let me prove it to you." He gets up from the bar, jumps over the balcony, and plummets toward the street below. As he nears the 10th floor, the high winds whip him around the building and back into the 10th floor window and he takes the elevator back up to the bar. He meets the second man, who looks quite astonished. "You know, I saw that with my own eyes, but that must have been a one time fluke." "No, I'll prove it again," says the first man as he jumps again. Just as he is hurtling toward the street, the 10th floor wind gently carries him around the building and into the window. Once upstairs he urges his fellow drinker to try it. "Well, why not." the second guy says, "It works. I'll try it." He jumps over the balcony, plunges downward passes the 11th, 10th 9th, 8th, floors. . . . . and hits the sidewalk with a SPLAT. Back upstairs the bartender turns to the other drinker and says, "You know Superman, you're a real jerk when you're drunk".   What's the seamonster's favourite meal? Fish Ships   Have you heard the news about corduroy pillows? They're making headlines   I'm really torn on abortions... On the one hand, I support it because it's killing babies. On the other hand, it gives women a choice.   The environment is so bad. Dihydrogen monoxide now covers 70 of Earth.   How do you get stuck bubble gum out of your hair? Cancer!   I ran over a Deer.... ....dear dear old man   When is pasta month? I need to mark my colander.   I hate when people misuse "it's" and "its" Tits very annoying   TIL: 80 of people will believe a fact if it has a percentage in it Or so I've been told   TIFU by being dyslexic and kidnapping 42 people Sorry, wrong bus.   Putting it in. A married Irishman went into the confessional and said to his priest, 'I almost had an affair with another woman.' The priest said, 'What do you mean, almost?' The Irishman said, 'Well, we got undressed and rubbed together, but then I stopped.' The priest said, 'Rubbing together is the same as putting it in. You're not to see that woman again. For your penance, say five Hail Mary's and put 50 in the poor box.' The Irishman left the confessional, said his prayers, and then walked over to the poor box. He paused for a moment and then started to leave. The priest, who was watching, quickly ran over to him saying, 'I saw that. You didn't put any money in the poor box!' The Irishman replied, 'Yeah, but I rubbed the 50 on the box, and according to you, that's the same as putting it in!'   What's red and bad for your teeth? A Brick.   If any of you are sad about being alone on valentines day, just remember... that nobody loves you on any other day of the year, and valentine's day shouldn't be any different.   Why is everyone scared of my hard drive? Because it has a terabyte.   What was the most destructive dinosaur of the prehistoric era? Tyrannosaurus Wrecks   What advice did the family therapist give to Jerry Sandusky Jr.? Always remain in-touch with the community.   Tomorrow, I'm going to go to my girlfriend, get on one knee, present flowers and a ring, and say... "My love for you is like these flowers and this ring. It's gonna wither and die by the end of the month and is also insanely overvalued."   How did you know that the exterminator was attracted to termites? Because he pitched a tent whenever he saw one...   Is your refrigerator running? If it's not, you better check the connections on the back, or call a maintenance guy. Hopefully you didn't lose power. I'd make sure to get it figured out soon so your food doesn't go bad.   Why isn't Hitler playing in Esports? I wonder why Hitler haven't been invited to a Epsorts event yet. His KD ratio was 6,000,000 to 1.   I might've just wrote the greatest joke of all time. But I think I'm gonna wait until someone else posts it here first though...   Why is Fiora always banned? Great Reposte no counterplay.   Ravens and Crows A good friend told me a story once. When she was a kid her family would often go to zoos and museums while on vacation. They were in the aviary on one of those visits looking at birds. My friend saw a crow asked the zookeeper a question. "What's the difference between a raven and a crow?" The zookeeper looked at her, smiled and started to answer. "Have you ever heard of a pinion feather?" he said. "Pinions are the the feathers at the tip of a bird's wing that allows it to fly. They are also the ones that people will trim to prevent birds from flying away. Crows have 5 pinion feathers while ravens have 6. So, if you think about it, it's really just a matter of a pinion." To this day, my friend and her family don't know the real answer to "What's the difference between a crow and a raven?"   A government man is walking his way to work... As he carries his heavy suitcase, a Russian woman comes up to him with a whiskey bottle in her hand and says, "I'll jerk your dick while you chug this, deal?" The man, not even thinking about the situation, agrees instantly and they rush off to the restroom, find a stall, and start doing it. While being jerked, he caps of the whisky bottle and starts chugging. A moment after, he starts feeling funny and dozes off to sleep. He wakes up, unknown of the time that has passed, and looks down only to realize his pants and underwear is gone, including his suitcase. Horrified, he runs out of the restroom, his thong going everywhere and 'bout, and yells, "Help! Help! I've been jacked!"   Can February march??? No, but April may.   What's the best way to get bubblegum out of your hair? Cancer.   What do you call her when St. Nick's wife dumps him to join a biker gang? A rebel without a Claus.   You're a very beautiful girl ... and you have a nice personality and a beautiful smile Girl: you just wanna get into my pants Boy: you're intelligent as well.   Why are women attracted to intelligent men? Opposites attract   I'm obsessed with pushing my penis between my legs and pretending I'm a woman. It all started when my dad used to tuck me in at night.   Why should you always use your middle finger on a woman? Because a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.   I didnt like my beard at first Then it really grew on me.   Are you Samarium, Arsenic, and Hydrogen? because I want to SmAsH   What kind of planes do rappers fly? Spitfire   Aliens come to earth, and they're friendly! NSFW Aliens finally arrive on earth, and they're just as social as we are. They meet with the human delegation and have a lovely chat, talking about how each species eats and sleeps and so on. "Really! you guys put food in your face hole and throw away any leftovers. We just lay on it and absorb what we need." Stuff like that. The topic turns to procreation and both delegations admit they're curious and that a demonstration would be probably be best. The aliens go first. One hops on another's head, starts spinning and after ten minutes or so a tiny new alien falls to the ground, dusts itself off and politely asks for sustenance. Then it's our turn. The two volunteers come out and after a couple minutes they've finished (at least one of them has). The aliens stand there for a moment before one leans over and shyly and asks, "so, uh, where's the new human?" The humans reply, "oh, it'll be here in about 9 months." The alien asks "Then what was the rush at the end for?" The woman looks into the camera and says "Amen!" as the studio audience bursts into laughter and the credits roll.   Me: (To Reddit) will you be my valentine ??? Reddit : " I am married and i have many childs (SubReddits) "   Jeff won 20 million dollars But he did not know about it and his family did. They were afraid that if they told him he would have a heart attack, so they chose his favourite brother Ted to tell him easily. "If you won 20 million dollars, what would you do with them?" Said Ted. "I would give you half of them" said Jeff. Today is Teds funeral.   Math class Teacher asks Johnny: "Imagine you have 200. And you give 50 to Jane, 50 to Suzi, 50 to Melissa. What would you have?" "An orgy?" Edited: names spelling, grammar.   How do bread cells divide? They sbread apart through mitoastis   Everyones keeps teasing me about being so damn lazy I just can't do this anymore. I think I'm just going to kill myself. But the gun is like... way over there.   !false It's funny cause it's true.   How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman? Zero.   Sex I know, I don't get it either.   I'm selling an authentic French rifle.. It was never fired and only dropped once.   Breaking News: A movie theatre has just been robbed of over two thousand dollars The theives took a large soda and two bags of popcorn   How to properly propose to a stoner Marriage-you-wanna?   The bartender asks the first one "What can I get you?" Two race conditions walk into a bar.   Two gay men in are having sex..... Two gay men are having sex in bedroom. After a while one of them decides that he needs a break and goes to bathroom. The second one thinks he's away for too long so he goes to check him. When he finds him in bathroom, whole room is covered with semen. He asks with anger: 'Why didn't you wait for me?!' but second one sort of surprised answers: 'Oh you mean that? I just farted....'   What did the pea wonder before an 8 hour road trip? To pee or not to pee.   Why was the teacher cross eyed? Because he couldn't control his pupils.   Old McDonald had a farm... 2.71828 (-1) 2.71828 (-1) (5-5)   Manager gets caught stealing from his pizza job. Upper management says, they caught him stealing "dough".   What kind of bee produces milk instead of honey? A boo bee   Why did the muslim guy rig a competition? So he could win Allah the prizes.   What do you call a doctor named Otto? An ottometrist   Donald Trump's greeting to all Mexicans on 14th February. Happy Wallentine's Day.   Why were the Vandals so fat? Gravity   If it walks like a duck, talks like a duck, and looks like a duck... Then the humans will suspect nothing!   What is the difference between Snickers and a dick? Try Snickers sometimes   My father died from an overdose of Viagra recently. It's been a hard time for us.   Mexican word of the day: Chicken My wife tried to come to America, but thanks to trump chicken not get in.   Do you like duck sausage? Then duck on over here and get some.   What's the United States' biggest, most well-known export? Troops   I thought a vasectomy wouldn't get my wife pregnant.. Turns out, all it does is just change the color of the baby.   I learned sign language It's very handy!   Does anyone else get as excited about Valentine's Day coming up as they do about Christmas? Or is it just because I'm Jewish?   You know what's really odd? Numbers that aren't divisible by two.   My grandpa said to me: "I don't think these "Free (someone)" things are working..." "I mean I've seen millions of these "Free Wifi" -signs through the years, but as far as I know, the poor bastard hasn't been freed yet!"   A monkey is getting stoned in a tree.. A monkey is sitting in a tree smoking a joint when a lizard walks past, looks up and says to the monkey "Hey, what're you doing?" The monkey replies, "Smokin' a joint, come up and have some." So the lizard climbs up and sits next to the monkey and they smoke a few joints. After a while the lizard says his mouth is 'dry' and he's going to get a drink from the river. The lizard is so stoned that he leans over too far and falls into the river. A crocodile sees this and swims over to the lizard and helps him to the side, then asks the lizard, "What's the matter with you?" The lizard explains to the crocodile that he was sitting up a tree with a monkey smoking pot, got too stoned and then fell into the river while taking a drink. The crocodile says he has to check this out and wanders into the jungle. He finds the tree where the monkey is sitting finishing up a joint. The crocodile yells up to the monkey and says "Hey!" The monkey looks down and says, "Fuck man! How much water did you drink?!?"   What do you call the cleavage of a woman with fake breasts? Silicone Valley   I asked an old man, "Even after 95 years, you still call your wife 'Darling', 'Honey', 'Love'. What's the secret?" I asked an old man, "Even after 95 years, you still call your wife 'Darling', 'Honey', 'Love'. What's the secret?" . OLD MAN: "I forgot her name 10 years ago and I'm scared to ask her   How does Hellen Keller drive? One hand on the steering wheel, the other on the road   This administration is doing everything they can as quickly as possible So much so, even their scandals are Russian.   What did the gay horse eat for brunch? Hay HAY Hay   There's one good thing about being a porn star. You're always going to be satisfied with the job.   Some women love playing hard to get. Closing their blinds, locking their doors, calling the police...   I hate it when it heils outside... I always blame the Nazis.   A Girls Sleepover Amy: Truth or dare? Lingling: Truth. Amy: Where's Sarah's dog? Lingling: Dare. lmao this is old asf and i am in no way racist, this just made me laugh   My aunt Marge has been in hospital for a while. I can't believe she's not better.   Mr and Mrs.. Mr and Mrs Sterile have no children.   Why are women so clueless? They never bothered with the "Y".   A man stands, chain smoking at a bus stop... A man stands, chain smoking at a bus stop. The woman standing next to him says "Hey, don't you know that those things can kill you? I mean, didn't you see the giant warning on the box?!" "That's OK..." says the guy, puffing casually, "I'm a programmer" "So? What's that got to do with anything?" "Errors are serious, warnings are nothing...".   If it looks like a duck, and sounds like a duck... It probably identifies as a napkin and how dare you assume it's species.   Californians hate walls so much... They cried until the Oroville dam collapsed.   A man drove his car into a tree. He found out how a Mercedes bends.   Favorite sandwich So, I was talking to my friend the other day, and we ended up talking about our local deli. nbsp; I asked him what his favorite sandwich was, and he told me it was the pastrami salami sandwich. nbsp; Then I said "I don't remember that one. What's on it exactly?" nbsp; He said "It's the one with the synthetic pork and lard sausage." nbsp; I said "No, you're thinking of the phony bologna sandwich."   I found a place where the recycling rate is 98 rJokes   I wanted to make a joke about chemistry tests But NaH   Pass the dam fish! A boy is selling fish on a corner. To get his customers' attention, he is yelling, "Dam fish for sale! Get your dam fish here!" A pastor hears this and asks, "Why are you calling them "dam fish." The boy responds, "Because I caught these fish at the local dam." The pastor buys a couple fish, takes them home to his wife, and asks her to cook the dam fish. The wife responds surprised, "I didn't know it was acceptable for a preacher to speak that way." He explains to her why they are dam fish. Later at the dinner table, he asks his son to pass the dam fish. He responds, "That's the spirit, Dad! Now pass the fucking potatoes!"   What did scorpion say to your ugly mum Stay oveerrr there   Finding the perfect shower temperature on the first try is like my girlfriend Non existent, but I hope every day.   A dick has a sad life if you think about it His hair is a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbour is an asshole, his best friend is a pussy and to top it all off, his owner beats him regularly.   Why did the invisible man quit his new job? He just couldn't see himself doing it.   What do you call it when a Mexican provides hands-on internet services? Emanuel Labor   PSA: You should all donate money to testicular cancer research. It's a no-ball cause. (But seriously you should)   I'm a very busy businessman, but my wife still demanded that I take her out for valentine's day... Vinnie, my hitman, said he'd do it for me.   Shopping Cart racing Every time I see someone racing their shopping cart down the parking lot I secretly hope they run into a car. Wham!   Jehovah's witnesses are always banging on my door everyday Joke's on them, I'm never letting them out of my basement.   The choice for president came down to two candidates: the moody bitch or Hillary Clinton.   Did you hear about the troublesome teaspoon? It went into the kitchen and caused a stir.   I was standing in line for hours showing my appreciation to everyone I met. It was a thanqueue.   I asked my wife what she wanted for Valentine's Day, and she said "Something long and powerful that vibrates." I hope she likes her new weed eater!   Who's the father of corny jokes? Popcorn!   Why are Jewish men usually circumcised? Because Jewish women won't take anything that's less than 10 off   Who is Trump's favorite YouTuber? CrazyRussianHacker.   My mum calls me Scott, but my friends call me when they want something   My friend is trying to convince me to replace all my skin with a plush brown material But I won't be suede   I was doing CPR the other day And wow, that sure is a work out, it really....gets the blood moving   Never swallow scrabble tiles... That shit could spell disaster   What kind of tea is hard to swallow sometimes? Re-ali   What marker is only sold in shady areas? Mr. Sketch.   A woman gets a new number She sends a text message to her husband. W - "Hi honey, this is my new number. Can't wait to see you tonight" M - "Hey babe. I can't tonight. I'm having dinner with my wife"   How do pirates have babies? They Aaarrrrrrrrrrtificially Inseminate.   A woman was getting out of the shower As her husband was getting in; and she heard the door bell and quickly wrapped herself in a towel and went downstairs. She opened the door and it was their next door neighbor, Mike. He said, I'll give you eight hundred dollars if you drop that towel right now. She thought, well that's a lot of money, so she dropped the towel. He gave her the money and left. She went upstairs and told her husband that the neighbor Mike had come by. He asked if he gave her the eight hundred dollars he owed him.   it all The title says it all.   During science class at school, I lowered the pressure and temperature in my lab flask, and introduced some tiny ice crystals to it. But my tutor stopped me and sent me home for trolling. How was I supposed to know it was bad to trigger snowflakes!   A Frenchman, an Italian and a Jewish man die and go to heaven.... An angel ushers the Frenchman into a room filled with every French delicacy imaginable and instructs him - you can eat whatever you want, but if you eat anything from this table, at 5:00 a boiling pot of French onion soup will be wheeled in and you're going in it. The Frenchman thinks for a moment and stands back in fear. An angel ushers the Italian into a room filled with every Italian delicacy imaginable and instructs him - you can eat whatever you want, but if you eat anything from this table, at 5:00 a boiling pot of Minestrone soup will be wheeled in and you're going in it. The Italian thinks for a moment and stands back in fear. An angel ushers the Jewish man into a room filled with every type of Jewish delicacy imaginable and instructs him - you can eat whatever you want, but if you eat anything from this table, at 5:00 a boiling pot of chicken soup will be wheeled in and you're going in it. The Jewish guy thinks for a moment and begins stuffing his face with food. The puzzled angel has never seen this before. No one ever dared to eat the food in fear of being thrown into the boiling soup. He asked the Jewish fellow - I don't understand, the Frenchman and Italian were too scared to eat, are you not afraid? The Jewish guy answered - nah, I know how these Jewish events work, 5:00 is never 5:00 and the soup is never that hot.   Have you ever noticed that Ireland is just one sea away from.... Iceland   My wife said she wanted to feel special this Valentines Day. So I bought her a helmet and some crayons.   It must be hard working as a prostitute. After all, work just comes and goes.   For the valentines spirit Roses are red violets are blue I am pregnant but it is not from you   roses are red, violets are blue in soviet russia, poems write you.   my friends carter and jack that's it. that's the joke.   Dads Brilliant Business Plan Scene: A conversation with my friends father, who knows I do Web design. Father: I have a business idea. How hard is it to make a Facebook? Me: Oh, very easy. Friend: He doesnt mean to make a Facebook profile. He means to remake all of Facebook. Me: Oh. Very hard. Father: Oh, OK.   How did Anne Frank tie her shoes? In little Nazis!   I recently came into some money. You should have seen the look on the cashier's face   My sister can't stop having sex. I think she's addickted.   You know what I hate? People who answer their own questions.   The pathology lab was robbed last night. The stool samples were gone! The supervisor couldn't believe it. He lost his shit.   How do you call a vegetarian spy? A Spynach   Valentine day gift Husband : What do you want for Valentine Day ?? Wife : Give me One Ring, that's enough .. Husband : From Landline or Mobile ??   When I went to pay for my items in a spiritualist shop I noticed a sign saying 'Queue on the other side'. So I killed myself.   What My Girlfriend Thought, First four Dates: 1. Nice shirt. 2. Wow. A second nice shirt. 3. OK, first shirt again. 4. He has two shirts.   Q: What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection? A: A quarter pounder with cheese.   Why was the pencil s bad influence on the paper ? His darkness rubbed off on him   Airhorn sound Second airhorn sound Me: "Well this clearly isn't deodorant."   Celebrating birthdays is good Numerous studies say that people who celebrate more birthdays live for longer   A bag of salt was crossing the road. Suddenly he tripped and fell, spilling his contents all over the road. Sensing no movement at all for quite some time, the road asked: "Do you need some help so you can get up, cross the road and finish this joke? What's wrong?" The salt replies: "Freezing point depression."   What's the best thing about John Cena jokes? You can't see them coming   A rich guy dies and goes to the gates of heaven. He offers Peter gold, thinking he can buy his way in. Peter looks at it and says, "You brought me pavement?"   I left my wife At the grocery store. I told her I would wait in the car. What I didn't tell her was that I would move the car to the other end of the parking lot, and watch for her to come out. Something tells me that after 15 minutes of searching, she'll feel the same way I did in the dairy section. Which butter is healthiest, she wondered, after reading the first 3 labels. She's probably still reading them. I can't wait to learn which one she'd chosen.   Posting a joke on a Reddit is like going in a bar. Sometimes you get lucky, but most of the time you just lose your self esteem   Why did the frog cross the road? Some geeky kid in the 80's forced it to.   How Many Times is This Shit Going to Get Reposted? Doesn't matter you Reddit anyway.   An Englishman, an Irishman and a Scotsman are driving through a desert. An Englishman, an Irishman and a Scotsman are driving through a desert when their car breaks down. They decide they must walk across the desert. The Englishman takes an umbrella out of the boot and begins walking. The Irishman takes out his flask, fills it with whisky and follows the Englishman. The scot rips the door off the car and runs to catch up with the others. Sometime later they come across an Arab caravan. A man walks up to them and says to the Englishman Sahib, you know that it does not rain around these parts? The Englishman replies Ah but you see it is not for the rain, it is for the sun. And so the Arab knew the Englishman was truly wise. He turns to the Irishman and says You have a flask but it is not filled with water? Well you see says the Irishman water can be trouble around here so I filled it with something more precious instead. And so the Arab knew the Irishman was truly wise. And you sir, for what reason do you carry the door? so the Scotsman says Well I figure, if I get too hot I can just wind down the window. formatting   A farmer was letting his 26 cows graze on a field near his farm with his dog when suddenly he sees a rain cloud approach. He doesn't want his animals getting soaked or they might end up cold. He quickly scavenges for a bunch of branches and combines it with a tarp that he brought just for this occasion to build a make shift shelter. He whistles for his dog to herd them under the haphazard roof. He does a quick count and is shocked to find he suddenly has 30 cows. The next day he brings his wife along with his cows. Without even waiting for rain he builds a canvas roof and herds all his cows inside and again his 26 cows turn into 30. But his wife is less than impressed. "Don't you think that's amazing?!" he asks her. The Wife replies, "It's just as expected, you rounded them up to the nearest tent."   How did Trump avoid discovery when all of the main means of communication were being traced? He used the alternative fax.   What's black and eats pussy? Cervical cancer.   I'd like to think that my girlfriend and I have a relationship that is above being forced to buy simple gifts as part of a made up holiday that exploits working class people through the commercialism of enormous corporations But I'd also like to get laid tomorrow night, so Walgreens after work it is.   NSFW What does the South side of Chicago hate about their police chief? His subject matter is poorly executed.   Cage the Elephant only won the Grammy out of pity... ...because they're originally from Bowling Green, and everyone was sorry for the loved ones they lost.   So I was jogging around the track at the gym and this really hot Latina chick passed me. I gave her a friendly wave and said "hola." However, she kept running and didn't say anything to me. I shrugged and kept going, thinking that maybe she didn't hear me. About 10 minutes later, she caught up to me again, and I once more waved and said "hola." Still, she kept her eyes straight ahead as she passed me and didn't respond. At this point, I was a little offended and felt determined to at least get a response of some kind from her. Finally, about 10 minutes later she caught up to me again, and as she passed I said "hola" somewhat louder than before. She finally slowed down and turned back to me and said "A few times I've been around this track, so it's not just gonna happen like that, 'cause I ain't no hola back girl!"   I just dropped my phone in a load of mayo. What the hellman!   What's the smallest organ in a goat? An ISIS members' dick.   What's Batman's favorite drink? Nothing...just ice   4 hookers How do you get 4 hookers on to one stool? Turn It upside down.   I was at a party and I lost my watch I started looking throughout the house, and when I turn a corner there's a guy standing on my timepiece, borderline groping and harassing a girl. So I go up and punch the guy, that's not gonna happen. Not on my watch.   roses are red, violets are blue, pornhub is down; your facebook will do   Dad, Am I adopted ? I don't know, ask your other dad.   Communism jokes aren't funny Unless everyone gets them   American Billionaire Grant Cardone is seeing a top psychiatrist. Apparently, he has a huge apartment complex.   A Man Escapes From Prison A man escapes from prison where he has been for 15 years. He breaks into a house to look for money and guns and finds a young couple in bed. He orders the guy out of bed and ties him to a chair, while tying the girl to the bed he gets on top of her, kisses her neck, then gets up and goes into the bathroom. While he's in there, the husband tells his wife: "Listen, this guy's an escaped convict, look at his clothes! He probably spent lots of time in jail and hasn't seen a woman in years. I saw how he kissed your neck." If he wants sex, don't resist, don't complain, do whatever he tells you. Satisfy him no matter how much he nauseates you. This guy is probably very dangerous. If he gets angry, he'll kill us. Be strong, honey. I love you." To which his wife responds: "He wasn't kissing my neck. He was whispering in my ear. He told me he was gay, thought you were cute, and asked me if we had any vaseline. I told him it was in the bathroom. Be strong honey. I love you too!!"   The worlds 4 most famous partially sighted musicians have got together. They're starting a focus group.   What kind of bees make milk? boo-bees   I spend my valentines days like aging racist. Sad and alone.   Humanity must have an Oedipus complex Because they all want to fuck mother nature.   Breaking: Donald Trumps hair has been reported as missing Police are combing the area   Why do they have bar codes on the returning Swedish fleet? So they can Scandinavian.   I once got into so much debt I couldn't even afford my electricity bills, they were the darkest times of my life.   What do you call two eco terrorists humping a tree? A treesome!   Back then, if I wanted to see her panties, I had to lift her skirt. Today, if I want to see her panties, I have to spread her butt cheeks.   ELI5 why can you get dishonorably discharged from the Navy for boarding the wrong vessel just once? Whooops wrong sub!   I had to break up with my cross-eyed girlfriend... Apparently, she was seeing someone else on the side.   I hope I leave this world the same way I came into it... Wrecking an 18-year-old's pussy.   It all The title says it all   I have this theory about the origin of orgies. It all started with a big bang!   Whats the different between batman and a black man? Batman can go out without robin ;)   A boy asks the Priest... "Why do you use a Samsung phone?" "To remind me that the apple was the first sin." "So you are an atheist?" "Of course not! Why do you think that?" "Because I have notes on why Samsung's phones always end with a big bang!"   I finally watched Girl on the Train. I guess you could say there's a real twist at the end...   The alien vessel landed quietly on St Peter's square in Rome... A hatch opened and two little grey men with dazzling smiles appeared. They were promptly granted an audience with the Pope. After a brief discussion about the weather, the Pope said, "I know this question may sound odd to you, but I was wondering if you and your kind knew about Jesus Christ?" "Jesus Christ?!" exclaimed the slightly taller of two aliens. "Of course we do! He visits our planet every two years or so. Awesome fellow!" A hush descended on the audience chamber, and everyone watched the Pope, whose face had turned a rather odd purple. "Every two years?" he shouted. "We're still waiting for his second coming!" "Maybe he didn't like your chocolate?" suggested the alien. "Chocolate?" replied the Pope. "What in heaven's name does chocolate have to do with it?" "Well," said the alien. "When he came to our planet, we gave him chocolate. Why, what did you do?"   A Lady visited a bar for the first time.. She was nervous but sat on one tall stool in front of the bartender.. the guy sitting on her left said: "Jack Daniels, Single" the Guy on her right side ordered: "Johnny Walker, Single" now the bartender looked at the lady said, "And You?" Lady replied: "Yolanda, Married"   I got a venereal disease from a girl in a wheelchair Now I'm handiclapped   What is a gang member's favorite skateboarding trick? A cripflip   Ever tasted Ethiopian food? Neither have they.   This girl kept saying how Brits drank too much tea and how she hated it. But she didn't seem too happy when I took her tea shirt off.   I hate people who always sit on the fence with two opinions. Having said that, I love them.   What's wrong with that 5 year old Ethiopian? He's having a mid-life crisis   What currency do they use in outer space? Starbucks.   Amazon Drones I read an article about drones recently. A software development firm was testing drones in the Amazon basin and developing mapping software when they began receiving strange anomalies in the data. The drones were covering more area than they had modeled in the software. They couldn't figure out why the drones were exceeding the units per second figures of their graphs. That's when I realized: Amazon drones are always faster than U(nit)P(er)S(econd) estimations.   I just removed my sister's bra. She said, "Stop wearing my bra's."   Valentine's Day is around the corner and I don't know what to get my partner... I mean, what do you get for your left hand?   How do you milk sheep? With iPhone accessories.   How did the Scarecrow, win the award? He was out standing in his field   What do you call a guy who gets lots of blowjobs? Successful   I bumped into Liam Gallagher in Manchester the other day and he told me this joke. "What do Blur and Iranians have in common?" They're both shiite   Why couldn't William Shakespeare go to the pub? Because he was bard!   The most attractive thing about your mom... Is her gravitational pull   An atheist, a vegan and a CrossFitter walk into a bar I only know because they told everyone within two minutes   So the bartender says "I'm sorry, but we don't serve time travelers here" A time traveler walk into a bar   Roses are red Raindrops are dank My father died. How?, my repulsive ass stank (not funny, but a valentines day related joke)   A sex addict decided to repent and volunteer in the local church... The first day, the priest was teaching him the new job. A girl walked into the church and confessed that she commited adultery once. The priest said: "You need to donate one dollar to the church so God may forgive you". So she did that and left. Then came another woman and confessed commiting adultery twice, so the priest told her she needs to donate two dollars to the church. Then the priest said:"You got the hang of it, I'm going to the bathroom and you need to do the same thing until I come back, and remember, never take more money than you should". When the priest came back he found the new guy fucking a woman on the altar, he got mad and started yelling: "Are you out of your mind! What are you doing?!" The sex addict replied: "Calm down man, this one said she commited adultery eight times and she donated a 10 dollar bill and I didn't have any change to give back to her so I had to fuck her twice".   A father is on his deathbed. His 4 children are there, 3 tall with red hair, 1 short with black hair, as well as his wife. "Before I die, tell me,is that my child?"He asks his wife, pointing to the shortest. "I swear on everything that's your kid."The wife replies. Relieved the father then passes away. Shortly after he passes, his wife mutters "Thank god he didn't ask about the other three." Edit: makes more sense, also some spacing.   What do you get when you cross an octopus with an electric eel? A shocktopus.   A boss wanted fire one of his coworkers Boss: "I'm sorry but you are fired" Coworker: "why? I didn't do anything?" Boss: "Bingo"   A mother takes her three sons to enroll in school. The teacher asks. A mother takes her three sons to enroll in school. The teacher asks. Teacher: What are your sons names? Lady: This boys name is Leroy, this other boys name is Leroy, and Leroy here is my third sons name. Teacher: Isnt it confusing having all three boys named the same? Lady: Oh no, you see when its time for lunch I just holler out the door, Leroy! its time for lunch, and they all come a runnin. When its time for dinner I just holler out the door, Leroy! its time for dinner and they all come a runnin. Teacher: Ok, so what do you do when you want a specific boy? Lady: Oh, well then I just holler out their last name.   Has anyone found a date for Valentine's? I did! It's on 14th Feb! Laugh please I'm pathetic   How did the Ancient Greeks seperate the men from the boys? With a crowbar.   Knock Knock Who's there? Me. Me who? I didn't know you had a cat.   A woman cried and slammed the door of the restroom . . . seeing how she grimaced, the janitor asked if there was someone in the toilet, to which the woman responded "Almost!"   I can never understand organic chemistry. It has alkynes of problems.   I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant. But then I changed my mind.   What do trees do when they get mad at each other? Throw shade   What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean? I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face.   Did you hear about the kid-napping at the school? Well, he's fine. He's awake now.   I've been told I'm a "real catch" by the ladies. Lady doctors. Apparently I have all sorts of viruses.   The french note A guy was going on a vacation to France. He was aware of that most french people don't speak english so he ordered a french lesson for one day to learn the necessities when going to a new country. The day for the lesson came, but when he arrived at the school, it seemed quite empty. He went in saw a guy sitting behind a counter. "Hi, I came for the french lesson today" our guy said. "Oh, I'm sorry. The French teacher is ill and will be home for a week." "So there is no one that know any french here?" "No I'm sorry. But I have a little note I can give you. Just show it when you order something, or don't know what to say, and it should work out fine" "Uhm ok. What does it say?" "I'm sorry, I don't know, really. The french teacher just told me to give it to people while he was gone." Our guy thought that was fair enough. He didn't have time to order a new lesson anyway. The day for the journey came. With a packed bag he went to the airport and flew all the way to France. He arrived in France in the evening and went out to grab a cab. A cab arrived and after greeting the French cab driver he figured he could use the note and see if the driver would understand what it said. He showed the note. The driver looked at the note, then at our guy, then at the note, and back at the guy, before he cursed in french and drove off. "Well that's weird. Maybe the note isn't ment for cab drivers" he thought and walked until he found a bus. He went on the bus and thought he'd give the note another try. The bus driver looked at the note and went red in an instant. He commanded our guy off the bus, and drove away. This annoyed our guy a little. He waited for another bus and did not show the note this time. He said the name of his hotel, the bus driver nodded, he paid and sat down next to a lady. She asked him in french if he was american and he said yes. She seemed to understand a little english, so he thought she could translate the note. He asked if she could and she nodded. He pulled out the note and showed it to her. She read it and quickly shoved it away from her in anger, and she called for the bus driver. Our guy understood what they wanted and stood the rest of the ride in frustration. He finally arrived at his hotel tired of being yelled at and ready to sleep. At the receptions desk he told his name, they wrote something down and asked him for ID. When finding his ID the note accidentally fell out of his pocket and onto the counter. The receptionist read it and as he expected, got really mad. Another guy that worked there came and they talked for a while, before accepting that our guy could sleep there, but they weren't happy about it. "That's it. I've had enough of this, tomorrow I'm going back home!" our guy thought, and so he did. Luckily this was easier. He did not show the note to anyone and mimed his way back to America. He stayed home for a week before deciding to go back to the french school, now that the teacher was back, and find out what the note said. At the school he met the teacher and asked quite annoyed what the note said. "Let me see" the teacher said putting on his glasses. Our guy handed him the note. At this time two windows were open. A gust of wind blew the note out of their hands and out one of the windows, and they never found it. Neither did our guy find out what the note said... Not even I know... Sorry   Son: "Dad, Am I adopted"? Dad: "Not yet. We still haven't found anyone who wants you."   A man walks on a street and sees an open manhole He cries into it: "Fuck you bitch!" Then echo replies: "Bitch you fuck!" A bit puzzled, he cries again: "Bitch you fuck!" And a second later, he hears: "Fuck you bitch!" Even more puzzled, he cries inside: "Fuck you bitch bitch you fuck!" The manhole replies: "Fuck off dude, I'm trying to work here"   I saw a seagull I saw a huge seagull this morning. It was big enough to be a D gull... But not quite big enough to be an eagle. One thing's for sure, it definitely wasn't a beagle.   Why is a river so rich? Because it has two banks   When a fire breaks out at a swingers convention It causes premature evacuation.   How do you make a handkerchief dance? Put a little boogie in it.   How do you deal with a bunch of clowns? You go for the juggler.   What do we want? A cure for tourrettes. When do we want it? FUCKING SHIT CUNT!   Donald Trump loves chewing 5 Gum He wants to Stimulate his Pences.   What do you call a cow running through tall grass? Udderly Tickled   What I find most sexy in a girl is her personality Girl: Oh good, cus I have several of those! Guy: Uh... what? Girl: Shh! don't listen to her!   What do black men do after sex? 15 years to life   What if Cee-Lo Green wrote a poem? I see you drivin' 'Round town with the girl I love And I'm like haiku   For my wife's birthday, I got a guy to follow her all day making bee noises. She really wanted a hummer.   When is a car not a car? When it turns into a driveway.   When my doctor suspects sexual transmission Doctor: it could be a sexually tran... Me: not unless I got it from a toilet seat Me:(   Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen.   Breaking news: An entire shipment of Viagra has been stolen The polices are looking for a gang of hardened criminals   This 70 year old guy walks in to his favorite bar with his new 25 year old bride Everyone is totally amazed at the sight, then one of his buddy's asked how did you get this young thing to marry you. .. ........Told her I was 80...   A German chemistry student holds up a small vial of HCn. The professor asks him if he's done with the lab. He says, "Yes, professor, this is my final solution."   What is the longest and hardest thing for a black man? 3rd grade   Why are ghosts impotent? Because they have a hollow-weenie sorry   My roomate scared me as I was leaving the bathroom I guess I got scared shitless.   I've decided that I like the alt-right It feels good to jerk my dick with my left hand from time to time.   The real reason it floods after the levee breaks? Nobody gives a dam.   Adele requested and got a resetrestart on her song at the Grammy because she messed up The Atlanta Falcons would also like to replay the 4th Quarter of the Superbowl   Got my rabbits balls chopped off Friend: So how'd they taste?   The reason why Bill Gates is paying for Donald Trump's wall He knows no Juan in Mexico can foot the bill.   What do you call a cow with no legs... Ground beef.   Math Hey girl, want to come over and integrate? Unfortunately, After every time we ex I am left with an ex   I love sleeping so much! Opens my eyes Doctor: You were in Coma for four years. Me: Just five more minutes please. Goes back to sleep   I had a Freudian slip with my wife tonight. I meant to ask her to "feed the dogs." Instead I said, "You ruined my life, you soul sucking, evil beast."   A blind man walks into a bar... And a chair, and a table.   Breaking News: Samsung has agreed to work with Bill Gates on Trump's wall On the condition to recycle Samsung Galaxy Note 7   Sex with three people is called a threesome. Sex with two people is called a twosome. That is why they call me handsome.   A naked lady walks into a bar with a parrot on her shoulder. The bartender says That's a nice pig you got there. The woman says it's not a pig it's a parrot. The bartender says I was talking to the parrot.   How do you circumcise a whale? 4 skin divers.   My das was telling me why he quit drinking. He was talking to his grandfather and they were both huge hunters. A conversation arose about ticks, and how they would always affect the game they caught, how they were "fuckin' blood sacs of the devil". A light turns on and my dad turns around abruptly and sees his mother standing there in a white gown. "Who and what the fuck are you talking about"? "Geandfather! Talkin' about ticks! Tick talk!" My grandmother shakes her head and with a blank expression says "Carl that a fucking clock."   I accidently lost some chromosomes today Now I'm feeling rather down   Love is an open Relationship   What did the man who went to get circumcised say? Just a little off the top   I bought shoes from a drug dealer... I don't know what he laced them with but I've been tripping all day   If I hear one more pun about whale food... I'm gonna krill myself.   Who's the first Jewish guy to ever win a Heisman trophy? "Fred Goldman cause he took mine!" - OJ Simpson   Why don't bald people use keys? Because they don't have any locks   I think Trump's wife just goes to show... Immigrants do the jobs average Americans won't.   I accidentally butt dialed my proctologist once... I told him it was an accident... he said I was full of shit   The hardest part about having sex with a tranny is not coming. Because once you come, you regret.   Know why you can't hear a pterodactyl use the bathroom? The P is silent   What do you call to Donald Trump's business card? A trump card   What do you call gambling currency that can't melt steel beams? Bet fuel   What happened to Ed Sheeran's girlfriend? She ran.   Did you know that animals make a different sounds depending what part of the world you are in....? For example, in China, Dogs makes a sizzling sound! I know I am going to hell for this but this was an old joke that was told to me.   A black guy with a parrot on his shoulder walks into a bar The bartender asks: Hey cool, where'd you get it? The parrot says: Africa   Why do ghosts have trouble meeting girls at bars? Because they're only there for the boos.   Obese people are a very large portion of the population.   What does Superman put in his drink? Just ice.   What's the worst name for a history lesson? A crash course on 911   Three legged chicken..... It was Spring Break and several friends arranged to spend the week in a cabin in a remote, forested region about 3 hours from school. There was nothing noteworthy about the first two hours, but it was as if wed entered a strange new world once wed left the interstate highways to proceed on farm roads with odd names andor numbers. No other cars. These paved roads appeared well-worn, but it was unfamiliar! There were barbed wire fences on both sides of this two lane road and random horses and cows. Then, suddenly, there was a blur that burst past the side of our car. What was that?! We both uttered these words, simultaneously. We decided to find out. I was driving 60mph, so I sped up to 70mph. I was gaining on the blur, but it was clear I needed to go faster if I had any hope to identify this freakishly speedy blur. I accelerated to 80mph but it seemed to be moving much faster. Just as I exceeded 90mph I realized Id never match its speed. But suddenly the blur made a right turn onto an humble dirt road. I screeched to a halt. My buddy said, you gotta turn around and try to see what that thing was!! I was curious, as well, so thats precisely what I did. I cautiously proceeded down this dirt road and it was less than 12mile when we noticed a broken down wooden shack of a home. On the porch were three folks in rocking chairs. I parked my car and stepped out, politely announcing my name and asking if these folks had seen this blur that had us so perplexed! Oh, yeah, responded the old lady. That was one of our three legged chickens. My buddy reacted, three legged chickens? She continued, well, me, Paw and Jr. all LOVE chicken legs. It was Jrs idea. He said we needed to raise three legged chickens! And thats what we did! That blur---you seen one of em! Jrs beeming pride was obvious as he smiled a smile so incredible it exposed his dozen remaining teeth!! The American Dental Association would have been bewildered, speechless! Sounds like a great idea!, I said. I continued, So..how do they taste? Jrs smile evaporated as Maw responded, dont know. Cant catch em.   What do you get when you cross an insomniac, an agnostic and a dyslexic? Someone who lays awake at night wondering if there really is a dog.   What did the squiggly line say to the angle? Your acute. (Squiggly line because gay because squiggly line straight)   What did trump say to Chinese president in a phone call? "I will bomb Hiroshima Again"   Breaking News: As if it isnt broken fucking enough   Need a joke for valentines card Valentines is tomorrow and i just wondering anyone could tell me a jokes so i can write on it to my gf Thank you!!   My dad won the lottery after having a stroke Guess it was a stroke of luck.   For Sale: French WWII Rifle Never fired. Only dropped once.   A Trump supporter is glad the election is finally over can go back to watching his favorite show on MSNBC... he can now keep up with how his cousin, brother, wife are doing while watching Lockup: Wichita.   Damn girl, are you Muslim? 'cause that ass is bomb.   I painted my computer black so that it would run faster, but now it doesn't work.   If it's yellow, let it mellow If it's brown, stop it at the border and submit it to extreme vetting.   Quiet guy in class had this gem of a response Military history class. We have this one guy in class who doesn't really say much and tends to keep to himself; just figured one of those 'man of few words' kinda guys. One day, we were discussing the planes used in WW2. Ensuing discussion goes as such Professor: So what planes did we have during that time? Student 1: Well we had the Cobra and Mustang Professor: Ok and what did the Japanese have? Student 2: Japanese had zeros Professor: And what was the main difference between us and them? Quiet kid: We didn't crash as much The professor tried to keep it together but started rolling, dropped his marker, and said 'Class dismissed'. We had 20 minutes left. Thanks quiet kid   Did you hear about the movie in which a young fat lady gets kidnapped? Its called "Beauty and the feast"   Three Nuns Die In a car crash and go to heaven, Sister Margeret, Sister Patricia, and Sister Mary. They meet Peter at the gates of heaven. Peter : " Before any of you get in, you need to wash the part of your body in the fountain of holy water that has been lustfully used to sin" Sister Margeret walks to the fountain and washes her hands. Peter : " Thankyou Sister Margeret you may walk through", Sister Patricia, your next. As Sister Patricia walks up, Sister Mary quickly runs and pushes her out of the way and gets to the fountain first. Peter : "Wait your turn!!!!, you cannot push in like that!!. Sister Mary: " Please!!! , Please!!!, let me wash out my mouth before Sister Patricia puts her ass in it!"   A guy stuck his head into a barbershop and..... A guy stuck his head into a barbershop and asked, "How long before I can get a haircut?" The barber looked around the shop full of customers and said, "About 2 hours." The guy left. A few days later, the same guy stuck his head in the door and asked, "How long before I can get a haircut?" The barber looked around at the shop and said, "About 3 hours." The guy left. A week later, the same guy stuck his head in the shop and asked, "How long before I can get a haircut?" The barber looked around the shop and said, "About an hour and a half." The guy left. The barber turned to his friend and said, "Hey, Bob, do me a favor, follow him and see where he goes. He keeps asking how long he has to wait for a haircut, but he never comes back." A little while later, Bob returned to the shop, laughing hysterically. The barber asked, "So, where does he go when he leaves?" Bob looked up, wiped the tears from his eyes and said, "Your house!"   What did one muffin say to the other? 'Whew! It's hot in this oven!' How did the other muffin reply? 'Holy shit! A talking muffin!' Go easy on me, it's my first post to reddit.   They say people who stammer aren't idiots But I'm not so sure about that, considering the only word longer than four syllables they know is "T-t-t-t...."   A woman is at home when she hears someone...... A woman is at home when she hears someone knocking at her door. She goes to the door opens it and sees a man standing there. He asks the lady, "Do you have a Vagina?" She slams the door in disgust. The next morning she hears a knock at the door, its the same man and he asks the same question to the woman, "Do you have a Vagina?" She slams the door again. Later that night when her husband gets home she tell him what has happened for the last two days. The husband tells his wife in a loving and concerned voice, "Honey, I am taking an off tomorrow so as to be home, just incase this guy shows up again." The next morning they hear a knock at the door and both ran for the door. The husband whisperes to the wife, "Honey, im going to hide behind the door and listen and if it is the same guy I want you to answer yes to the question because I want to a see where he's going with this." She nods yes to her husband and opens the door. Sure enough the same fellow is standing there, he asks, "Do you have a Vagina?" "Yes I do." says the lady. The man replies, "Good, would you mind telling your husband to leave my wife's alone and start using yours!"   A British guy, a Frenchman and a Russian were in a bar debating whether Adam and Eve were British, French, or Russian. The British guy says, " Obviously they were both British, observe how Adam offered Eve some of his apple after he received it from her, true British manners". French guy says: "Non, non, monsieur they were both French. First of all they were both NAKED, and Eve was so feminine and seductive and drove Adam nuts". Russian guy says: "Both of you are wrong. I can prove conclusively that Adam and Eve were nothing but Russian. They had no clothes. They had no heat. All that was left to eat was one lousy apple and they called it paradise!"   An Englishman, an Irishman and an American Get drunk in a bar on the top floor of a skyscraper. The American says: "There's an updraft on the 7th floor that allows you to jump out this window and land on the 4th floor." "Bullshit" says the Irish. So the American jumps from the top floor and sure enough; just as he goes past the 7th floor, he slows down and lands on the 4th. "Fucking fun!" says the Irish guy as he jumps. And falls to his death. "You're a right cunt when your drunk Superman!" says the Englishman   How do you give a vampire a concussion? Hit it with a bat   Redneck murders are hard to solve. Never any dental records and all the DNA's the same.   My alarm clock decided to leave me tomorrow. It would've left yesterday, but it's taking its time.   Why did the Spanish guy rob a train? He had a loco-motive   What's the difference between a girlfriend and a wife? About 50 pounds.   Luke cage In marvels luke cage everyone thinks that luke has super powers because he's bullet proof. But bullet proof black people isn't a super power it's straight up evolution.   My toilet left me today Guess it couldn't take my crap anymore.   I just realized how gay my clothes are. They come out of the closet every morning.   What kind of deodorant do dwarves use? They don't like to choose but when they do they pickaxe   Someone stole my Microsoft Office, and they're going to pay. You have my Word.   The final solution to manspreading. So my Jewish friend informed me that his mom was low key, unimpressed with his "manspreading". I feel bad; the rabbi could avoid all of this by cutting off just a bit more.   Hey Sue, wouldn't it be lovely to take a nice walk today? "That would be lovely!" Great! Will you bring back some crisps and beer?   I have the most boring job of all... I run an oil drill rig.   She was a whisky maker.. ..but I loved her still.   What do you call a black man standing on a street corner? A crack dealer   The Imperial Wizard of the KKK was just found dead near a river in Missouri... Man, the moment the EPA gets threatened people start dropping white trash in our water.   Why doesn't Sean Spicer wear a sign that says everything that comes out of his mouth is BS? Because that would be redundant.   Condoms don't guarantee safe sex anymore.... My friend was wearing one and got shot by the woman's husband.   Bill Gates and Steve Jobs Talk At A Bar After a Long Day of Gettin' Money Bill: So I went to the bank yesterday to talk about a loan Steve: What do you need a loan for? Bill: Oh, I don't. The bank does.   I'm sorry that I sent you Donald Trump Reddit replies: Username checks out!   What's the difference between Michael Jackson and an Xbox? One is turned off by children.   What do u get when an alien barges into your bathroom while you're taking a shower? An invasion of privacy.   Life is like a box of chocolates I don't like chocolate   What's the problem with lawyer jokes? Lawyers don't think they're funny, and other people don't think they're jokes.   A girl with no arms and legs goes to the beach A girl with no arms and no legs goes to the beach with her mother. While they are sitting on the beach, she starts crying and tells her mother that she's never gotten a hug before and she thinks the lifeguard is really cute and has her mother ask him if she can get a hug from him. Mom goes up to the lifeguard and tells him her daughter wants a hug. So he comes over while she is still crying and gives her a hug. As he's walking away, she starts crying more and the lifeguard asks what is wrong. She says she's never had a kiss before and asks if he could give her a kiss. The lifeguard is a little reluctant but gives her a kiss. As he is walking away the girl starts crying hysterically, and now the lifeguard is thinking, what the hell is wrong with her. He says to her "what's wrong" and she says back, "I've never had sex before, I've never been fucked"... the lifeguard then picks her up, walks over to the ocean and throws her in and shouts "THERE! NOW YOU'RE FUCKED!"   Man travels to Spain A man travels to Spain and decides to watch one of the bullfighting matches for which Spain is well known. The match was intense thrilling. Unlike anything which can be found anywhere else in the world. Afterwards there was a celebration for the Torero (Bullfighter) and the crowd slowly dispersed, with the man leaving among the last of them so that he could savor the experience. Once he'd exited the arena, he noticed large groups from the group gathering at a restaurant across the street. Hungry, the man followed as well and decided to experience the native cuisine. As the night progressed, he had joined a few others at a table and began chatting with them joyously about the match. Until he noticed that at one table a very wealthy looking man had been made the center of attention by the restaurants staff as the chef personally brought out a special silver plate with strange meat on them. Curious, the man asked his new friends what was so special about that man. One of the men at his table explained that the man was a foreigner, much like him, who has payed handsomely for the privilege of eating the spirit of the bull which died in the arena. Which according to them was symbolically located in the testicles of the powerful animal. Obviously amazed by the ritual, he noticed how excited happy the man was. Being quite wealthy himself, he asked if there was any way for him to pay for the same honor. After a short talk with the restaurants owner, he came to an agreement and reserved a plate for tomorrow. Though he didn't get a chance to watch the bullfights that day, he had anxiously been waiting since the previous night for this moment. And now that he was at the restaurant he couldn't help but rush to his table and wait for his meal. After a few moments, the staff gathered and the chef brought out the same plate as the previous night, except that there was noticeably less meat on it this time. Confused, the man asked the chef if the bull had been smaller than the one from yesterday. The chef merely replied that the bull is quite large, alive, and in good health, it was the Torero who lost today.   How many dead hookers does it take to change a light bulb? Apparently not three because my basement is still dark.   Hey, what does a fire sit on? It's Ash   In some situations in life, I find that you just need a little push. I might be a door.   What do you call a piano player with no arms or legs? Clever dick.   What do you call Chewbacca's Chinese cousin? A Fortune Wookie   NSFW If sleeping with an Asian gets you your yellow belt, what do you get when you sleep with a Muslim? A suicide belt   What's the difference between tired and exhausted? When you run in front of a car, you get tired. When you run behind a car, you get exhausted.   Adele didn't originally want to perform at the Grammy's but they bugged the crap out of her till she said yes. They must've called a thousand times.   A death row inmate asks as his last request to talk to Donald Trump. Because he has nothing better to do, Trump agrees and meets with the man the day before his execution. Trump: "So, uh, what did you do?" Inmate: "I shot a bunch of people in a liquor store robbery, burned down a hospital and stole all their drugs, molested farm animals, blew up an orphanage, set homeless people on fire for fun, and sold my mother into sexual slavery in Thailand." Trump: "Wow. And why'd you wanna see me?" Inmate: "Because despite all the horrible things I've done, I can take my last comfort in being reminded of one fact - at least I'm not you."   Caught my penis cheating on my wife today. Luckily after a few beatings, it learned it's lesson.   If you are deaf and you have Parkinson's... ...is that like having a stutter?   You know how they say "a woman's work is never done"? Maybe that is why they get paid less.   Ordered 4 drinks at McDonald's..... ....so they wouldn't think all 50 chicken nuggets were for me.   Italian Army tanks have five gears Four reverse, one forward (in case they get attacked from the rear)   If a dog played soccer, who would the dog play for? BARKELONA   My Grandfather told me my generation is to reliant on technology. I told him, "no Grandpa, yours does." Then I unplugged his life support.   What do electrical engineers use to clean up their equations? A handkirchoff.   It must suck to have your period on valentines day But an even bigger pain in the ass.   Now that Russia decriminalized spousal beatings.. Men are finally Putin(g) women in their place   What do Jim Carrey and Bane have in common? No one cared who they were 'til they put on the mask.   I just put my hair in a bun. It wasn't very nice, I think I'll try it with a croissant next time.   My favourite sport starts with a "T". It's golf.   A couple of hunters from Wyoming are out in the woods when one of them falls to the ground. He doesnt seem to be breathing, his eyes are rolled back in his head. The other guy whips out his cell phone and calls the emergency services. He gasps to the operator: My friend is dead! What can I do? The operator, in a calm soothing voice, says: Just take it easy. I can help. First, lets make sure hes dead. There is a silence, then a shot is heard. The guys voice comes back on the line. He says: OK, now what?   My neighbours named their child "Saturn". That's not something I'd call my child, but it has got a ring to it.   I love dead baby jokes Because they never get old.   I asked my wife where she wanted to go for dinner. She said, "Somewhere that has fish." So I pushed her in the river.   A young girl comes home one day and approaches her father, who is sitting in the living room. "Daddy," she says, "a strange man did something bad to me at the park today." The father, suddenly very attentive, turns to face his daughter. "Oh, god... okay, sweetie, you need to understand that it absolutely wasn't your fault, and you will not get in trouble for telling me about it. Can you explain what happened?" "Well," the girl begins, "I was playing in the sand, when the man came up to me and told me to come with him behind a tree." "Oh, god," mutters the father. "Then what?" "Then he pulled down his pants and showed me his thing." "Oh, god!" the father exclaims. "What happened next?" "Then," the girl continues, "he pulled up my dress and touched me on my underwear." "Oh, god!" shouts the father. "Sweetie, what happened after that?" The girl answers with a shrug. "Nothing. That was it." "Well, make something up! I haven't finished yet!"   Why does Trump think the food stamps program is unnecessary? Because he's constantly providing us with low hanging fruit.   My girlfriend and I were moving each others comic book collection and now we both have to see a chiropractor. Because we both have back issues.   I told my wife I'm her trophy husband... Too bad it's just a participation trophy.   China built a wall... That's why you don't see any Mexican in China.   A drunk blonde woman was sitting at a bar says to the barman, A drunk blonde woman was sitting at a bar says to the barman, "Barfender, I'd like a marhini for my heartburn." The barman mixes her drink and puts in down in front of her. A few minutes later, she calls him over and says, "Barfender, I'd like a marhini for my heartburn." He rolls his eyes but mixes her drink anyway and sets it down in front of her. A few minutes later, she waves him over again and says, "Barfender, I'd like a marhini for my heartburn." The barman looks her up and down and says, "First off, it's bartender, not barfender. Second off, it's martini, not marhini. And third, you don't have heartburn, your boob is in the ashtray."   A Cheesy Joke My family spent all of today calling me by different cheese names. I told them I just wanted to be left provolone.   Only When you perfect the art of fishing and baiting hooks.. Will you become a Master Baiter   What do you call a primate that works out? A Gym-panzee.   Is there a reason you ate that entire fish sandwich? To be honest, I did it for the halibut.   Schools should have a class designed for introverts... anti-social studies   A lawyer in the USSR comes out of the chambers laughing his head off. A colleague approaches him and asks why he is laughing. "I just heard the funniest joke in the world!" "Well, go ahead, tell me!" says the other judge. "I can't I just gave someone ten years for it!"   what is blue and has 27 tits? the trashbag at a cancer clinic.   I just made life a whole lot simpler for an overweight friend of mine... I explained to him that every restaurant in town is an "all you can eat" place.   What did the internet say to it's history? "Cache me outside, how 'bout dat?"   An American man goes on a business trip to Japan. And he arrives there a day early before the meeting. So he decides to enjoy the night-life a little bit. The man goes out to a bar, picks up a lady after having a few drinks, and takes her back to the hotel. Eventually they start having sex and the lady keeps saying, "Oshi Moshi! Oshi Moshi!" The man thought that was weird but he kept going. The next day, he meets some business men on a golf course and sees one of them shank the ball. The guy is absolutely livid and shouts, "Oshi Moshi!" The American man looks at him and asks, "I hate to bother you, but what does 'oshi moshi' mean?" The golfer replies, "wrong hole!"   What do you call a ginger Mormon? An orang Utahn   Why did the princess marry the barbarian? Because she thought he was brutiful   Coding Jokes post coding jokes I will br your heart   It's not fair to compare Trump to Hitler. Hitler appreciated the arts.   Do you know the most outstanding thing about our illegal immigrants? Their warrants. (Here come the down-votes!)   Who are the most decent people at a hospital? The ultra sound people   What's the difference between Harry Potter and the Jews? Harry Potter rode the train back. I'm not apologizing.   In which mountain range do fruit trees primarily grow? The Apple-achian mountains.   I used to smoke weed in the 90's Now I don't care what temperature it is   So an Irish man walks out of a pub. What? It could happen.   What did Mary say when she saw Jesus with a massive erection? He has risen.   Did you hear about the potato the Russians put into space? They called it Spudnik   I use to like going skiing. But that hobby... Went downhill so fast   The government in this town is excellent, and uses your tax dollars efficiently.   I hate milking cows, every time I do it... It makes me shUDDER.   As a wine enthusiast, I am appalled by Trump's recent executive orders. What right does he have to ban sommeliers from entering this country?   I was walking past a construction site and the guy hammering on the roof called me a paranoid little weirdo... ...in morse code. Credit goes to Emo Phillips   Why does a squirrel swim on it's back? To keep his nuts dry   Did you hear about the drunk guy who got suplexed? He was waisted.   How big was the iceberg that sank the Titanic? Cap size   Uriel Uriel goes to Michael. "I am going to become a muse. Here's my flaming sword." "What will you use instead?" "My pen, idiot!"   Some crocodiles can grow 17-20 ft But most have 4   Lost my job today... Told my boss I was always late cause I had diarrhea .. he told me I was full of shit   Kellyanne Conway gets caught cheating. "How could you? I've loved and trusted you and this is how you treat me?" "What about Hillary Clinton's Emails?"   I was inquiring about seating for two at a new restaurant and they asked if I had reservations... I said that I had some, but that I was willing to give it a try.   I remember when Squeeze Theorem used to be called The Sandwich Theorem. Damn Political Correctness   What can you make with epileptic lettuce? A seizure salad   What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta   If you're ever attack by a group of clowns.... Make sure to go for the juggler.   Law and Order In the criminal justice system, sexually-based offenses are considered especially anus. In New York City, the dedicated detectives who investigate these vicious felonies are members of an elite squad known as the Special Booty Unit. These are their stories.   Why did Germany almost go bankrupt? Because the Holo-cost a lot of money. Anne Frankly, it wasn't worth it.   Billy Joel walks into a bar. The barman says Bill, I believe this is killing me. As the smile ran away from his face.   I use to be in a horse back riding club... But I got kicked out for horsing around.   What did the egg say when it turned up? Om lit   What's the most OUTSTANDING thing about our illegal immigrants? Their warrents.   Someone just asked me if I'd take a bullet for the last person I had sex with Sure, she's a bitch, but of course I'd take a bullet for my cousin.   I use to be a car racer... But I didn't have the drive for it and I drifted away from that career.   The reason for the wage gap is that men have high paying jobs like doctor, lawyer, etc. while women usually have lower paying jobs... ...like female doctor, female lawyer, etc.   What did the yeast say to the flour? Do you want to make some dough, Sugar?   What is the easiest way to tell if somebody is vegan? Oh, don't worry. They'll tell you.   Hellen Keller walks into a bar... Then a stool. Then a table.   Snowboarding seems like the gayest sport. Is involves lubricant for the equipment, you're quite often on your knees and at the end of the day your butt hurts.   A joke for St. Patricks Day What is long, green, and has an asshole every 3 feet? A St. Patricks Day Parade   2 Danish guys just tried stealing the toilet paper from my Air BnB bringing shame upon their entire country! Worst viking raid ever!   So I was telling my dad That the entire team that worked on finding Nemo had to take fish biology 101. Then he says "so does it ever bother you that the fish are talking?" That was the hardest I laughed in a while   Making love while camping is the best It's fucking in tents   My bakery was recently robbed. Now, I've seen a lot of robberies before... But this takes the cake!   Why was the snowman no good at big games? He got cold feet   How many testicles does an Oak have? Tree   The only mistake I ever made... Was buying a pencil with an eraser on it.   Never forget the pickle on your burgers It's kind of a big dill   What do you call a guy thats half Mexican and half Chinese that wears only one sneaker? Juan Chu   What is the difference between male and female? Fe   What does a mexican use to cut his pizza? Little Caesars   Breaking News: Bill Gates has agreed to pay for Trump's wall On the condition he gets to install windows.   The man approached the very beautiful..... The man approached the very beautiful woman in the large supermarket and asked, You know, Ive lost my wife here in the supermarket. Can you talk to me for a couple of minutes? Why? Because every time I talk to a beautiful woman my wife appears out of nowhere.   My Son got sent home from school for the third time this year for letting a girl wank him off in class... ...I told him "maybe teaching isn't for you.."   A Hispanic carpenter is feeling depressed After living a life of always reading other people's directions and instructions to do his job, he decides he wants to to make his own decision for once: Committing suicide. So he scribbles down some words on a piece of paper and reviews what he wrote, nodding in approval. He hops into his car in his garage and tapes a garden hose to the exhaust pipe. He starts his car and puts the hose in his mouth, inhaling deeply, anticipating the sweet release of death. Soon after, he succumbs to his poison of choice and falls down, dying slowly as if he was simply falling asleep. His wife comes home and discovers him. Horrified, she sees a piece of paper next to him and picks it up, thinking it will be a suicide note to give her some clarity on what made him choose this terrible act. In familiar handwriting, she sees scribbled on the page: INSTRUCTIONS Step 1: Connect Jos to hose B   What do you call a prostitute with no arms or legs? Cash and carry.   I would tell you to listen to my favorite Kendrick Lamar song... But it's just alright.   One night a man walks into a bar looking sad..... One night a man walks into a bar looking sad. The bartender asks the man what he wants. The man says Oh just a beer. The bartender asked the man Whats wrong, why are you so down today?. The man said My wife and i got into a fight, and she said she wouldnt talk to me for a month. The bartender said So whats wrong with that? The man said Well the month is up tonight.   A Genius, an Old Farmer, and a Boy Scout are on a plane... ...The pilot enters the cabin and says, "I'm terribly sorry. I've done everything I can, but the plane is falling and going to crash. Now, there are only 3 parachutes on this plane. I've got a wife at home with 2 young kids and another on the way, so I'm going to use one of them." He then picks up a parachute, puts it on, and jumps out of the plane. The Genius says, "I am the smartest person in the world. My death would be a huge loss because of my immense knowledge. I simply must survive this crash." He follows after the pilot. The Old Farmer looks at the Boy Scout and says, "Well, son, I've lived a long, fulfilling life. You have your whole future ahead of you. You take the last parachute." The Boy Scout replies, "Don't worry sir, we'll both survive. The Genius took my backpack."   How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb? It doesn't matter, because feminists can't change anything.   An old lady was talking to her husband on Valentine's day evening.... "Dear, honestly answer this. What did you think when you saw me the first time 50 years ago?" He says "I thought I so want to suck your titties dry and fuck your brains out..." Wife giggles hearing this answer. While biting her lips she says "Well... what do you think of me now?" He says without skipping a beat " I think I did a fairly good job!"   A lovely woman is first in line at a bus stop. The bus opens its doors to let her on. She lifts her leg for the step and funds she cannot reach it. She realizes it must be her tight dress and reaches back and unzips it a little bit. Again, she brings her leg up and still cannot reach the first step of the bus. A little more embarrassed, she reaches back again and unzips her dress a good deal more. But again, her foot falls just short of the step. Finally she reaches back and unzips the dress almost all the way. At this point the young man behind her reaches forward, grabs her by the hips and lifts her to the step. Infuriated, she turns and nearly screams, "And what made you think you had permission to touch me like that!?" The man calmly replies, "Well, after you reaches back and unzipped my fly three times I kinda figured we were friends."   Is it a bird? Is it a plane? Whatever it is it's heading straight for the world trade center.   Did you hear about the people that became octophobes after going to the buffet? They eight too much!   I don't understand how people of color can be discriminated against Aren't we all hue, man?   Girlfriend said I need to moisturize I told her I moist my eyes every day when I think of what Europe has become.   What do you do when a epileptic's having a fit in the bath? Throw your washing in.   I used to be addicted to the hokey pokie But then I turned myself around.   The Italians are fighting Americans in the trenches An American gets the idea to yell the name Luigi, and being a common Italian name when someone hears their name and looks up, they shoot him. "Hey, Luigi!" An Italian looks up and says "Yeah?" BANG After the Americans do this a few times, the Italians try it for themselves. They decide to yell the name John, being a common American name. "Hey-a, John!" An American shouts back "Hey! Is that you Luigi?" The Italian looks up "Yeah, itsa me!" BANG   A black man, a mexican man and an asian walk into a bar... and they are all accepted and welcomed. Now isn't that refreshing?   What type of soup would you like? Work was pretty slow tonight, which was odd considering we were trying out two new soups, Spicy Ham or Mutton, normally stuff like this brings people in. But on the flip side I got to talk to some of the regulars. One of them was this women who's parents apparently snuck out of Africa during a violent revolt. After getting to America they settled down and tried to start a family. Unfortunately after after 3 years of trying nothing had happened, so they were about to give up. As a final attempt they went on vacation to Miami to "get the spark back" and while there they met Betty White, who turns out is super sweet and friendly. She encouraged them to keep trying trying since they love each other, it will work out, which two weeks later it did. Out of gratitude they named Fleur daughter Betty. By this point in her story my manager told me to take her order, no one had showed up, but I was being unprofessional. So she orders asking if we have any clam chowder, we didn't so I told her, No Black Betty Ham or Lamb.   What do you call pasta made by a jamaican sex pest? Harrastapasta   My in-laws couldn't cope when their cat had 9 kittens, so my wife told me to put them in a sack and dump them in the river. I did it, but it broke my heart. I quite liked her dad.   Baby are you an ether? Coz you get my pp up.   Why is it that if a girl has a lot of sex with guy she's a slut... But if a guy does it he's gay?   The Ant and the Grasshopper CLASSIC VERSION: The ant works hard in the withering heat all summer long, building his house and laying up supplies for the winter. The grasshopper thinks he's a fool and laughs and dances and plays the summer away. Come winter, the ant is warm and well fed. The grasshopper has no food or shelter so he dies out in the cold. MODERN VERSION: The ant works hard in the withering heat all summer long, building his house and laying up supplies for the winter. The grasshopper thinks he's a fool and laughs and dances and plays the summer away. Come winter, the shivering grasshopper calls a press conference and demands to know why the ant should be allowed to be warm and well fed while others are cold and starving. CBS, NBC and ABC show up to provide pictures of the shivering grasshopper next to video of the ant in his comfortable home with a table filled with food. America is stunned by the sharp contrast. How can it be that, in a country of such wealth, this poor grasshopper is allowed to suffer so? Then a representative of the NAAGB (National Association of Green Bugs) shows up on Nightline and charges the ant with "green bias," and makes the case that the grasshopper is the victim of 30 million years of greenism. Kermit the Frog appears on Oprah with the grasshopper, and everybody cries when he sings "It's Not Easy Being Green." Bill and Hillary Clinton make a special guest appearance on the CBS Evening News to tell a concerned Dan Rather that they will do everything they can for the grasshopper who has been denied the prosperity he deserves by those who benefited unfairly during the Reagan summers, or as Bill refers to it, the "Temperatures of the 80's." Richard Gephardt exclaims in an interview with Peter Jennings that the ant has gotten rich off the back of the grasshopper, and calls for an immediate tax hike on the ant to make him pay his "fair share." Finally, the EEOC drafts the "Economic Equity and Anti-Greenism Act" retroactive to the beginning of the summer. The ant is fined for failing to hire a proportionate number of green bugs and, having nothing left to pay his retroactive taxes, his home is confiscated by the, government. Hillary gets her old law firm to represent the grasshopper in a defamation suit against the ant, and the case is tried before a panel of federal judges that Bill appointed from a list of single parent welfare moms who can only hear cases on Thursday's between 1:30 and 3pm when there are no talk shows scheduled. The ant loses the case. The story ends as we see the grasshopper finishing up the last bits of the ant's food while the government house he's in, which just happens to be the ant's old house, crumbles around him since he doesn't know how to maintain it. The ant has disappeared in the snow. And on the TV, which the grasshopper bought by selling most of the ant's food, they are showing Bill Clinton standing before a wildly applauding group of politicians announcing that a new era of "fairness" has dawned in America.   A failed tv presenter, a disgraced newspaper editor and a phone hacker walk into a bar.... ..and the barman says "What'll it be, Piers?"   Three men are arguing over what to watch... The first man wants to watch horse racing. The second man wants to watch women's tennis. The third man wants to watch a childbirth video. As they each try to grapple for the remote, the channels continue to change. This is what their neighbours heard: And they're off! Uhhh-Uhhh And a baby is born!   Are my testicles black? "NSFW" ARE MY TESTICLES BLACK? A male patient is lying in bed in the hospital, wearing an oxygen mask over his mouth. A young student nurse appears and gives him a partial sponge bath. "Nurse," he mumbles from behind the mask, "Are my testicles black?" Embarrassed, the young nurse replies, "I don't know, Sir. I'm only here to wash your upper body and feet." He struggles to ask again, "Nurse, please check for me. Are my testicles black?" Concerned that he might elevate his blood pressure and heart rate from worrying about his testicles, she overcomes her embarrassment and pulls back the covers. She raises his gown, holds his manhood in one hand and his testicles gently in the other. She looks very closely and says, "There's nothing wrong with them, Sir. They look magnificent." The man slowly pulls off his oxygen mask, smiles at her, and says very slowly, "Thank you very much. That was wonderful. Now listen very, very closely: "Are- My - Test - Results - Back?"   Hear about the gay Irishmen? Phillip Dune and James Mcavity   I went to the clothes store where all women's pants were half-off. But all the women there were fully dressed. Fucking liars.   TIFU by vomiting on a cute co-worker I told her, "Next time, lunch is on me."   People are like trashcans When you step on their feet, their mouth opens.   I come from a town where you have to keep a whale on you at all times. If you don't, they issue you a cetacean.   Hey Hitler, where are the showers? They are down the hall, on the third reich.   The oven and the woman are just alike Because you have to get them both hot before you stick the meat in.   How to fix the wage gap. Wagegap   What did the Doc say to Scotty? Great Scott.   The doorbell rang so the son went to open the door. - How is it? - I'm the house owner, I'm here to collect rent. - Mom! It's the owner. Do you have money or should I go play outside again?   Why should you never buy a twin a basket of fruit? Because they come in pairs.   This joke about the Earth's rotation Just made my day   How many cabinet members does it take to screw in a light bulb? All of them but they still can't do it   Did you hear what NASA's new slogan will be once their budget is cut? "NASA: The Sky's The Limit"   Early in the morning, the father knocks at his son's door and yells, "Wake up, son! Time to go to school." Sleepy, the son mumbles to his dad, "Listen, Pops... I'm not going to school today for three basic reasons: first of all because I'm dead tired, second because I hate that school and third because I've had it with those punks!" To which the father answers from outside the door, "Well, you're going for three reasons: first of all because you have a duty to perform, second because you're 45 and third because you're the school principal!"   If space aliens landed in the U.S. today they would say Take us to your leader   I'm 35 and I've never been in a serious relationship. My wife wouldn't like to hear that, though.   Hey, what's difference between Trump and Goatse.cx? I can't tell cause they're both YUUUUGE assholes.   What do you call a dog that pees on the mat? Ono-mat-o-poeia   what is it called when your crush has a crush on you too? Imagination.   Teacher: Today's topic is DEMOCRACY Teacher: What is Democracy? Students: Today's topic.   I walked into a bar It really hurt   I can't believe you blew your co-worker! Girlfriend: I didn't, I swear Me: Oh come on, cough it up.   what's the difference between neil armstrong and michael jackson? neil armstrong walked on the moon and michael jackson fucked little kids.   ''Your eyes sparkle like diamonds'' So I went to the Chinese restaurant and this duck came up to me with a red rose and says ''Your eyes sparkle like diamonds''. I said, ''Waiter, I asked for a-ROMATIC duck''.   I hate flying back from China It's really disorienting.   Why do Jews get circumcised? 1. Because Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't at least 10 off. 2. Because they never leave a tip. 3. Because there's no end to those pricks.   My girlfriend was standing and looking in the bedroom mirror ... She wasn't happy with what she saw, and said to me, "I feel horrible. I look fat and ugly. Could you give me a compliment?" I looked over at her and said, "Well, your eyesight is perfect."   "Honey, I think I'm ugly...." So I pulled her infront of a mirror, stood right next to her and said: "Darling, I mean look a that sexy smile, that beautiful hair and those eyes....Just wow. No wonder you feel ugly next to me!"   Who the fuck does Bernie Sanders think he is? Not MY president!   A group of scientists run an experiment on a frog They teach it to jump on command by using flies as treats. Now when they say "Jump" the frog jumps. Then they chop off one leg. They say "Jump" and the frog jumps in a crooked path. So far so good. Finally, they chop off the other leg. They say "Jump" and the frog does not jump. It has been concluded that frogs cannot hear without their legs.   Which Netflix show best sums up America today? Orange Is the New Black.   She didn't realize tapping him on the shoulder would make him do this. A lady in a taxi leaned forward to ask the driver a question. She gently tapped his shoulder to get his attention. The driver screamed, lost control of the cab and nearly hit a bus. He drove over the curb, almost going through a shop window. For a few moments the inside of the cab was silent. The shaken driver turned and said, "Are you ok? I'm very sorry, but you scared the piss out of me!" The passenger, very startled at this point, apologizes to the driver and says "I didn't realize a mere tap on the shoulder could scare some one so bad" The driver replied "no, no, I'm the one who is sorry, today is my first day driving a cab. I've been driving a hearse for over 20 years!"   Grasshopper Every day, Jim gets two six packs on the way home from work. When he gets home, he sits in his living room until they're gone. One day, just as he's getting to the end of the last beer, he hears a knock at the door. He goes to answer it, and sees a six foot tall grasshopper. Before he can say a word, the grasshopper punches him in the face as hard as he's ever been hit! Floored, he can't respond before the grasshopper leaves. He decides he'd better be in better shape, so the next day he only gets one six pack. Just as he's finishing the last beer, he hears another knock at the door. He gets up to answer it, a bit more wary this time. Not that it does him any good. The six foot tall grasshopper is there again, and this time hits him twice, each one as hard as he's ever been hit! Again, the grasshopper leaves before he can do anything. On the third day, he decides he'd better just skip his beer. He's sitting in his living room, stone cold sober, when he hears a knock at the door. He checks his peephole. It's the grasshopper. But he figures this time he hasn't been drinking and he can take him, so he opens the door. Before he can do anything, the grasshopper knocks him down and kicks him until he can't move. Again, the grasshopper leaves when it's done. Obviously he's in bad shape after that, so he goes in to see his doctor. He describes what's been going on. The doctor nods knowingly, "Yeah, there's been a pretty nasty bug going around."   What direction did the pirate go to get his bread?? Yeast!!   John robbed some coffee from Starbucks the other day. The police are charging him for mugging.   I lost 10kg last week I can't seem find that dumbbell anywhere.   How do you tell if a blond has been working at your computer? There's white out all over the screen   I can't wait for the 14th It will be the 68th anniversary of the Bank of England opening   When did the nerd get out of bed? 13:37   A young liberal arts student walks into a bar... A young liberal arts student walks into a bar. He sat down and ordered 2 beers. An Asian guy sitting on his right hand side stared at him and went: so, how does it feel to be in the mid 20s but still live with your parents? The young liberal arts student was instantly surprised. "Yes! I lives with my parents!" he thought to himself:"but how did this guy know? Do I know this guy?" He then did a quick brain search, but couldn't think of a single Asian guy he knew. So he maintained his composure, and replied calmly: "Sir, I'm sure you mistook me for someone else. I moved out the day I enrolled in college." 5 minutes later, the Asian guy tried again to start a conversation by saying:"So, did your dad get the tenure? Or still an assistant prof?" The young liberal arts student got flabbergasted! His father actually teach in the same college he attends! What's going on? Is this Asian guy a family friend? He searched through his mind once more. Nope, couldn't think of any Asian guy he had ever made acquaintance under any circumstance. Probably just some random drunk. So he replied: "Look, I don't know who you are but you better leave me alone. My father is a lawyer, not a teacher." Soon an African guy walked in and sat on his left. The African guy took a glance at him and went:"Hey there young fellow, how's your culture study thesis going?" The young liberal arts student was completely baffled. "Oh my god." He thought."I am working on a culture study thesis! How the hell did he know! I'm positive I don't know this guy!" "OK!" the young liberal arts student finally snapped:"OK I lied. I live with my parents. I have a father that is teaching at the same college I go to. And I'm a culture studies major. OK, you got me, you happy? But how the fuck did you know? I don't fucking know you! I don't fucking know any of you! Just wtf is going on???" The bartender turned around. He picked up a cup and started cleaning. With a smile, he said:"Who else wears an antifa hoodie to a bar?"   After a Beer Festival in London, all the brewery presidents decided to go out for a beer. Corona's president sits down and says, "Seor, I would like the world's best beer, a Corona." The bartender takes a bottle from the shelf and gives it to him. Then Budweiser's president says, "I'd like the best beer in the world, give me 'The King Of Beers', a Budweiser." The bartender gives him one. Coors' president says, "I'd like the best beer in the world, the only one made with Rocky Mountain spring water, give me a Coors." He gets it. The guy from Guinness sits down and says, "Give me a Coke." The other brewery presidents look over at him and ask, "Why aren't you drinking a Guinness?" The Guinness president replies, "Well, if you guys aren't drinking beer, neither will I."   Why did Helen Keller have yellow legs? Her dog was blind too.   What do you call a flying jew? Smoke.   Why do women have trouble parking? Guys always give them the wrong idea of what six inches is!   How do you know? An air traffic control tower suddenly lost communication with a small twin engine aircraft. A moment later the tower landline rang and was answered by one of the employees. The passenger riding with the pilot who lost communications was on a cellular phone. Mayday, mayday! The pilot had an instant and fatal heart attack. I grabbed his cell phone out of his pocket and he had told me before we took off he had the tower on his speed dial memory. I am flying upside down at 18,000 feet and traveling at 180 mph. Mayday, mayday! The employee in the tower immediately put him on speaker phone. Calm down, we acknowledge you and well guide you down after a few questions. The first thing is not to panic. Remain calm! He began his series of questions: Tower: How do you know you are traveling at 18,000 feet?? Aircraft: I can see that it reads 18,000 feet on the altimeter dial in front of me. Tower: Okay, thats good, remain calm. How do you know youre traveling at 180 mph? Aircraft: I can see that it reads 180 mph on the airspeed dial in front of me. Tower: "Okay, this is great so far, but its heavily overcast. So how do you know youre flying upside down?" Aircraft: The shit in my pants is running out of my shirt collar.   So everyone is appreciating Newton for inventing gravity... ...well, I don't. We could've all been flying now if it wasn't for that goddamn apple.   When I get home from work, my wife lets me put my feet up... When we first met, I stuggled to get two fingers up...   What's the difference between a good joke and A bad joke timing   My doctor said I had 10 hours to live So I killed him and the judge gave me 30 years!   If your girlfriend starts smoking Slow down and start using a lubricant   Hear about the two gay Irishmen? William Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzwilliam.   Policeman stops a tandem. Excuse me sir. I think you've lost your wife back down the road. Thank god for that. I thought I'd gone deaf.   Why did the hipster burn his lips? He ate his pizza before it was cool   I have Picturegraphic memory. Is that the word; picturegraphic? Can't remember long words.   Indian Jews! Two Jewish men, Sid and Al, were sitting in a Indian restaurant in New York .. Sid asked Al, 'Are there any Jewish people of our faith born and raised in India ?' Al replied, 'I don't know, let's just ask our waiter.' When the waiter came by, Al asked him, 'Are there any Indian Jews?' The waiter said, 'I doont be knowing, I ask cooksaheb..' He returned from the kitchen in a few minutes and said, 'No sir, no Indian Jews.' Al wasn't really satisfied with that and asked, 'Are you absolutely sure?' The waiter, realizing he was dealing with 'foreigners' gave the expected answer, 'I check again,' and went back into the kitchen. While the waiter was away in the kitchen, Sid said, 'I find it hard to believe that there are no Jews in India . Our people are scattered everywhere.' The waiter returned and said, 'Cooksaheb say there is no Indian Jews.' 'Are you certain?' Al asked once again, 'I just can't believe there are no Indian Jews!' ! Listen, I asked EVERYONE,' replied the frustrated waiter. 'All we have is Mango Jews, Pineapple Jews, Orange Jews, Coconut Jews Tomato Jews! - No Indian Jews !!!'   A group of bureaucrats from the EU are out on a chartered luxury liner through the Pacific. A storm blows up, the cruiser starts to sink, and everyone abandons ship. By a quirk of fate, the only survivors are two men and one woman from each of the EU countries. They stagger onto the shore of a beautiful desert island. After three months, things have changed. One Italian man has killed the other Italian man in a fight over the Italian woman. The two Frenchmen and the French woman are enjoying a threesome, but complain bitterly about the multitude of foreigners on their island. The two Englishmen are waiting patiently for someone to introduce them to the English woman. The German men have a strict, weekly alternating sex schedule; the woman gets weekends off. The Dutch men are fully prepared, in general, to share the woman. However, they are still debating how to ensure that both will have an exactly equal share, how to reduce supervision cost, and how to guarantee the woman equal rights. They are writing to the Hague. The Luxemburg men are still recovering from the shock of seeing half the population of Luxembourg stranded on the island. But they will soon start collecting seashells on the beach. The Finnish men took one look at the endless ocean, one look at the Finnish woman, and started swimming. They were soon overtaken by the Portuguese men. The Danish trio embarked on a search for people to join them in an orgy. They gladly accepted the participation of the Finnish woman, and are still vainly trying to persuade the Portuguese woman. The Spanish men are protecting the virginity of the Spanish woman and are constantly suspiciously spying on one another. Meanwhile, she dances flamenco. The Austrian men initiated a yodelling contest for the woman. The loser immediately started learning flamenco, as well as Portuguese, Finnish and Danish. The Greek men are sleeping with each other and the Greek woman is cleaning and cooking for them. The Swedish woman keeps on bitching about female exploitation while the men are sunbathing and waiting for her to tell them what to do. The Irish began by setting up a distillery for which they expect to receive a substantial EU subsidy. They don't recall if sex is in the picture, because it gets sort of foggy after the first few rounds of coconut whisky. But they're happy that, at least, the English aren't getting any. Disclaimer: this joke is from an old joke book I own. This joke stood out the most to me as I remember bits of it since I was a teen. Hope you enjoy it!!   So what if I don't know what 'few' means? It doesn't mean a lot.   Why doesn't Alabama have calculus teachers. They don't like integration.   Why didn't cheese want to be sliced? It had grater plans.   My lesbian friend is very ill It seems she's lacking vitamin D.   I told my girlfriend I'd buy her a wedding ring if she gave me a blowjob. She's a sucker for love.   Bought Animal Skin Jackets at 60 off. It was a great offur.   Three drunk guys, Tom, Dick and Harry decide to rob a grocery store. They somehow force into the closed store and start making a ruckus inside. However they are seen and the police are promptly called, by a bystander. An equally drunk police officers arrives at the scene. When the guys find out, they decide to wait it out in the back-room and proceed to it, upsetting each and every container on their way. They find three empty sacks on the floor and hide in them, Tom in the first one, Harry in the second and Dick in the third. The officer follows the apparent trail into the back room. He sees three lone sacks and proceeds to kick them one by one. When he kicks the first one, Tom barks softly "bow wow". The officer thinks it must be a puppy, and proceeds to the next one. This time Harry growls like a cat "grrrr"."Must be a kitten", he thinks and goes to the next sack. By this time Dick had everything figured out, so when the officer kicks him, he shouts "potato".   I wish people would stop acting like Chuck Norris is a god If he really is so good why doesn't he teleport behind me and slam my head into the keyboard then hhjfdjusodbfhzoakcblkqoscsnjqpqkc   Rabbi and the bicycle A visibly upset man goes to see his rabbi one day and says: "Rabbi, you won't believe what happened to me! Last week, someone stole my bicycle from the synagogue!" The rabbi is deeply upset by this, but after thinking for a moment, he offers a solution: "Next week come to services, sit in the front row, and when we recite the Ten Commandments, turn around and look at the people behing you. And when we got to 'Thou shalt not steal,' see who can't look you in the eyes and that's your guy." The rabbi is very pleased with his suggestion, and so is the man. And next service, the rabbi is very curious to learn whether his advice worked. He waits for the man by the doors of the synagogue, and asks him "So dit it work? " "Like a charm," the man answers. "The moment we got to 'Thou shalt not commit adultery,' I remembered where I left my bicycle."   Dentist: This will hurt. Patient: OK. Dentist: I've been having an affair with your wife since last year.   Sometimes I wonder Why is that frisbee getting bigger? And then it hits me.   I made my girlfriend puke She likes dirty talk   Cashews are expensive, almonds are expensive. Peanuts are cheaper. How about deer nuts? You find them under a buck.   My friend told me I should start deadlifting. Otherwise the police would certainly find the body.   Did you hear what happened to the tap dancer.. He fell into the sink   Warning: Game of Thrones Spoilers Will make your car look fucking stupid   People are like bananas Nobody likes the black ones.   Whats the difference between fingering and fondling? About 12 years   If the Bald Eagle is the symbol of freedom and the Dove is the symbol of peace, what bird is the symbol of love? The swallow.   Why don't you tell jokes women on their periods? Because they always OVARY-act!   Why do women have legs? Have you ever seen the mess a snail leaves behind!   How do you titillate an ocelot? You oscillate its tit a lot   Why do cows wear bells Because their horns don't work   It's not easy being a self made man Unless you have an Oedipus complex and a time machine.   So Satan asks God to let him back into Heaven... God says "Satan, you've betrayed me before, but I am a just and forgiving god. You may get back into Heaven, if you can beat my only son in a programming contest." Satan and Jesus meet to agree to the terms. The contest is a simple one. God will set a timer for six hours, and both Jesus and Satan will sit down at their desktops and pound out as much perfectly-formatted HTML as they possibly can. The contest is officially scheduled for Easter Sunday, and news spreads far and wide. Easter Sunday rolls around. People from all over flock to Heaven to witness the contest. It is broadcasted live on several news stations, and is even live-tweeted by some representatives from Google. At exactly 8:59 AM, Satan and Jesus both sit down at two computers, facing each other. They log in and open up their scripting program. At 9 AM, Archangel Michael drops a flag and the race begins. One hour, and several cups of coffee, pass. Both Satan and Jesus are going strong. Satan is adamant that he will beat Jesus and get back into Heaven, while Jesus just really enjoys coding (it's a hobby of his). The official line count is read off every hour, and at 10 AM, Satan is slightly ahead. By 11 AM, Jesus has caught up to Satan, because Satan found an error and had to rewrite several pages of code. He is slightly annoyed, but still determined to beat Jesus. By noon, Satan and Jesus have caught up again, as Jesus decided to reformat a large section of his work to make it more streamlined and perfectly formatted, as per the contest rules. Satan is starting to get cocky, showing off to the crowd by typing with his barbed tail, typing with his eyes shut, typing with his trident, et cetera. The crowd oohs and ahhs appropriately. At 1 PM, they both stop for some lunch. Satan decides to trick Jesus into taking a longer lunch break, so he gives Jesus five loaves of bread and three fishes. Jesus breaks off pieces to feed himself, but simply cannot finish his meal. With Satan getting ahead of him, he passes off the meal to the group of 5,000 men gathered around him. They are all fed, with leftovers. Jesus continues programming. By 2 PM, both Satan and Jesus are getting rather dehydrated, so they stop for a water break. To get even for the loaves and fishes trick earlier, Jesus pours Satan some water, but secretly turns it into wine. If Satan is drunk, his coding can't be perfectly formatted. 2:59 rolls around. Satan has typed 5,638 lines of code, while Jesus has only typed 5,277. The crowd is tense as they race towards the finish line. Suddenly, God steps in, pulls the plugs on both computers, and loudly announces "JESUS CHRIST OF NAZARETH WINS! SATAN WILL NOT RE-ENTER HEAVEN!" Satan is furious. "How can this be?" He asks. "I had far more lines of code than Jesus! My code was perfectly formatted, too!" Jesus taunts Satan. "Well I don't see your code, Satan. It must have been lost when the computers were shut off." "Your computer was shut off, too!" Satan retorts. "I guess neither of us win!" God, rather proud of his son at this point, walks over and turns back on both computers. Predictably, Satan's coding cannot be found, but when Jesus's computer is booted back up, his program is right there on the desktop. God opens it, and it runs like a charm. "How can this be?" Satan snarls. "I finished more coding! It should be there! I should've won this!" "Satan, my friend," God says, "You have made a grave mistake. See, you may code faster, and perhaps even better than my son, but Jesus... Jesus saves."   What do Donald Trump and Princess Toadstool have in common? They both say "Im Peach?" in the same tone.   A lady goes to the doctor, for results of a test she took. Doctor: Mrs. Jones, I have some great news for you! Lady: Miss, not Mrs. Doctor: Miss Jones, I have some bad news for you.   Did you hear about the marsupial who was rejected at his job interview? He didn't meet any of the koalafications   Valentine's Day is coming But it looks like YOU won't be.   Two antennas get married . . . . . . the ceremony was average but the reception was outstanding   A woman tells her husband that she's giving up sex for lent... A woman is laying in bed with her husband and says "This year for Lent, I'm going to give up having sex." The husband says, "What? That's crazy!" She replies, "Well, not with everyone. Just with people I don't love or care about." Incensed, the husband yells, "How many people are you sleeping with?!" "Just you, dear."   A young American man moves to the Shetland Isles Unbeknownst to him, the Shetland peoples are quite reserved, and no-one visits him for three months. One stormy night, there's a loud knock at the door. He opens the door to the sight of a huge, fiery-haired man with a thick beard. With an accent equally as thick, the visitor says, "I've come to invite ye to a party." "Wonderful," says the American, "I'd love to go!" "I must warn ye, lad. The drinks will be flowin' aplenty." "That's no problem, I've been known to enjoy a strong scotch now and again," replies the American. "They'll likely be a fight too," says the bearded man. "Where there's drinkin' and dancin' there's always a fight." "I'm not worried, I was middleweight champion in boxing back in the navy. I'm sure I can hold my own." "Alright, lad. But one last thing. There's likely to be sex involved too. Hairy-arsed, drunken sex." The American smirks. "Well, after being alone for so many months, that's not out of the question either. One question though: what should I wear?" The big man chuckles and replies, "Ah, come as you are, it's just gonna be you and me."   What do you call a content Asian woman? Lo-Meintenance   Piglet: screaming Help! Tigger: Oh, relax, Piglet, old pal. There's no difference between plunging 10,000 feet to the jagged rocks below and tumbling out of bed. Piglet: Oh? Really? . Tigger: Why, sure! Tigger starts laughing for a few seconds, then puts his right paw on his chin, with his left paw on his right elbow Tigger: Except for the splat at the end they're practically similar   The Old Man A very old, decrepit old man walked into the catholic church and sat down in a confessional. A priest greeted the old man who proceeded to tell the priest about this beautiful young woman he had met and was having so much fun with. They were partying and spending the night in each other arms and he was just having the best time in the world. So the priest asked him if he and this lady were married. "Oh no, we're not married," he said. So the priest said, "okay, say 7 Hail Mary's ..." and the old man said, "What's a Hail Mary?" The priest said, "Aren't you catholic?" to which the man replied that he was not. So the priest asked what he was doing there then, and the man said, "Oh, I'm telling everybody."   Mommy, how did I get my name? A little girl asks her mother. "You and your sisters all got your name the same way, we named you Rose because when you were a newborn a rose petal landed on your face." She answered. "So my name is Raven because a bird landed on me?" Her sister asked. Mom nodded. "HUUHNALAGAH!!!" The third sister said. "Shut up Refrigerator."   It's very difficult to gather mushrooms in Chernobyl they scramble in all directions when you walk up to them.   A riddle: "I'm twenty-two. Hold are you, dad?" His dad replies, "Son, I'm your age, plus half of my own." How old is his father? . . . . . . . . . . . . . Answer: 74, Alzheimers just caught him early.   Something about my mom's vagina feels odd to me but I can't put my finger on it.   The Fireman A man worked at the Fire Dept. and came home one night suggesting to his wife that they could sort of do the same thing as he did when he went to fight fires. He said, "I could come home and say Bell 1 and we could run to the bedroom; Bell 2 and we could take our clothes off; and Bell 3, we could start messing around." So the wife agreed. The next night the man came home and said "Bell 1" and they ran to the bedroom; "Bell 2" and they took off their clothes; "Bell 3" and they began to mess around. Then the wife said "Bell 4." "What does that mean?" he said to which she replied: "More hose, you're nowhere near the fire."   You're playing poker like a Buddhist... ...you're working on the eight fold path   Did you hear about the two thieves who stole a calendar? They each got six months.   Trump's wall will cost 21.6 billion, Nasa's budget is only 19 billion Probably because Mexico has more aliens   A cop shows up to a gory car wreck (long) A cop shows up to a gory car wreck and immediately sees several body parts lying around. He takes out his pen and pad to make some notes for his report. "Left arm - found in ditch" "Left leg - found in ditch" "Head - found in bulavard "Head - found in boulavard kick "Head - found in ditch"   So, I breathed air in modern america. Now the PC police are arresting me for theft of air.   Little Johny To Teacher Little johny was sitting in class doing maths problems when his teacher picked him to answer a question, " Johny, if there were five birds sitting on a fence and you shot one with your gun, how many would be left??? "None," Johny replied, " cause the rest would fly away" Teacher, " Well, the answer is four" , but i like the way are you thinking. Johny, teacher i have a question for you, if there were 3 women eating ice cream cones in a shop, one was licking her cone, second was biting her cone and third was sucking her cone, which one is married? Teacher ( nervously ), "Well", I guess the third which was sucking the cone, Johny, "No" , the one with the wedding ring on her finger, "but, I like the way you are thinking".   A Mexican and a black person are riding in a car. Who's driving? A cop.   Most pre-historic vegetables have been lost to time... But the beet goes on.   The Historians Mural A historian bought a house and being the civil war era buff that he was, he wanted a mural of Custers Last Stand to be painted in his new home. The historian called in a reputable artist to have him paint the mural for him. He said to the artist "I want a mural to be painted of general custers last stand, i want it to capture the moment general custer realized his defeat. I would like it done before i return from vacation next month" The artist obliged and said he had something perfect in mind. A month passed and the historian returned from vacation. The artist, waiting beside the covered mural, ready to present it to the historian pulled the cover away. What the historian saw was an intricately detailed painting of a large cow in the center, praying, with a halo above its head, surrounded by hundreds of native americans in erotic positions fornicating with one another Outraged, the historian looked at the artist and yelled "What the hell is this?! I asked for custers last stand and you painted pornography on my wall!!" The artist simply replied "Well yes sir, thats what ive given you. I call it, holy cow, look at all those fucking indians!"   A man and a Jew are sitting on a bridge... ... The man sticks his foot in the water and says, "The water is quite cold." The Jew sticks his nose in and says, "It is also very deep."   A nun decides to go golfing and invites a priest to be her caddy. On the first hole, the nun hits an excellent shot, landing the ball right on the green. A short golf cart ride later, she putts and the ball rolls right toward the hole but veers left at the second. "God, I missed!" yells the nun. "Now, now, sister," the priest remarks, "don't use the Lord's name in vain, or he will strike you down." The nun shrugs him off and prepares to putt again. On the tenth hole, the nun again hits a wonderful shot, landing the ball once again on the green. The pair drives over to the green. The nun putts the ball and but it skips over the hole. "God, I missed!" the nun exclaims again. "Be careful, sister l, one must never use the Lord's name in vain, for he will surely strike you down!" the priest warns. "Yeah, I heard you the first time," says the nun dismissively. On the eighteenth hole, after a spectacular shot landing the ball mere metres from the hole, the nun gently taps the ball toward the hole. It rolls gracefully toward its target, spins around the inside of the hole and hops back out, resting firmly right on the edge. Infuriated, the nun shouts, "God, I missed!" Suddenly, the sky darkens and the smell of sulphur thickens the air. A massive and terrifying bolt of white lighting streaks down from the sky: a tendril of pure, divine, death-seeking light energy. With an eardrum-shattering crack and a blinding flash, it strikes the priest dead. A booming, mighty voice cries out from the heavens in frustration: "GOD, I MISSED!"   A group of Fibonaccis walk into the bar The first two walk up to the bar. The bartender looks at them sternly and says, "One of you two better fuckin' order something."   I had the worst first day of work ever today! ... looking back, maybe I should have noticed something was sketchy about the job posting... "Now hiring at county jai. Position available: Massage Therapist... Space not provided."   Where did the proctologist go to college? Pro State University I'll see myself out.   I finally quit drinking . . .at about 3 o'clock in the morning. (You guys can have that one.) 3   So a Black guy walks into a bar with a beautiful parrot on his shoulder... The bartender says "Wow, that's something real special you've got there! Where'd you get it?" "Africa!", says the parrot.   What did the vegetables say at the garden party? Lettuce turnip the beet   There was this man who walked into a bar and..... There was this man who walked into a bar and says to the bartender 10 shots of whiskey. The bartender asks, "What's the matter?" The man says, "I found out my brother is gay and marrying my best friend." The next day the same man comes in and orders 12 shots of whiskey. The bartenders asks, "What's wrong this time?" The man says, "I found out that my son is gay." The next day the same man comes in the bar and orders 15 shots of whiskey. Then the bartender asks, "Doesn't anyone in your family like women?" The man looks up and says, "Apprently my wife does."   I'm not retarded! I just appear slow because my intellect and wit are respectively so massive and quick, that they are subject to relativistic time dilation.   If the Green Man lives in the Green House and the Blue Man lives in the Blue House, who lives in the White House? The Orange Man   You know what the best place to get the most unbiased news from? The weather channel.   Why did the boy leave the angyr orchestra? There was too much violins   What's a metalhead's favourite spud? Mosh-pitatoes.   A grocery store employee approaches a wise-looking Indian man wearing a turban and a luxuriously long beard The employee tells the man, "Sir, you should see a doctor!" "Why do you say that?" he responds, puzzled. "Because you're looking a little Sikh!"   A dolphin goes into the bar. The barman says, 'Well, that was a bloody big tsunami!'   What do lawyers wear to court? Lawsuits   How does Lady Gaga like her steaks? Raw Raw RaAaAw   I made an accidental pun today... I guess it was kinda "PUNintentional"   We had our first child and he's beautiful, but he had a rare birth defect. He was born without eyelids. We had to keep his eyes irrigated and shielded from light while they searched for a pediatric plastic surgeon who could correct it. Fortunately one of the top surgeons in our region was available. When our attending physician explained the situation to him, he asked, "Has the patient been circumcised yet?" Our doc replied that he hadn't, and the surgeon explained his plan. The NICU cut a short length of 5mm silicone tubing and placed it over the tip of our newborn's penis, then carefully stretched his little foreskin over the end of the tubing and taped it in place. After 12 hours they replaced it with 7.5mm tubing, then after 24 hours they replaced that with 10mm tubing. The next day the surgeon arrived. They wheeled our baby into surgery where he performed the circumcision and then immediately used the recovered, stretched tissue to replace the missing eyelids. Afterward, the surgeon explained to us that he's done this surgery only three times before but it was always successful, and since it used the baby's own tissue there was virtually no chance of rejection. We thanked the surgeon and asked if there were any side effects we should look out for. "Well," he said thoughtfully, "he'll probably be a little cockeyed."   So I slept with my girlfriends dad... But she's a twin so it's an easy mistake right?   A customer walks in a minute before closing and asks if the store is still open. The clerk responds, "As open as a casket at a funeral. I shouldn't be, but I am."   What's the difference between Goatse and Donald Trump? None at all. They're both yuuge assholes.   A lynx walks into a bar A lynx walks into a bar and says "Hey Barkeep! Mix me up a... ... ... Jackrabbit." The bartender says, "you got it buddy, but what's with the big paws?"   I masturbate with soap Just thought I should come clean   I'm thirsty Hello Thursday, I'm Friday. Let's go out Saturday and have a Sunday   I was trying to understand how horse's reflexes work And then it hit me.   I fucked a fat chick in an elevator. It was wrong in so many levels...   What's the difference between a Muslim, a Mexican, and a white Southern voter? A Muslim gets permission to come to America but then they take it back. A Mexican doesn't wait for permission to come to America but then they send him back. A white Southern voter acts like he's on a mission to stab America in the back.   This girl said she never wants to see me again I guess you can say she gave me a wrist-training order   I could tell you a black joke, but you heard Jamal.   Moses comes down from Mt Sinai and stands before the people "I have good news and I have bad news. The good news is that I got him down to ten. The bad news is that he's adamant about the adultery bit."   Liverpool FC have banned the Sun from their stadium. Seems kind of pointless, I mean it always rains in England anyway.   I recently had sex with a girl who I thought I was legal age A wave of horror came over me when I noticed her toe tag said "15 years old"   Why was the African baby crying? It was going through it's midlife crisis.   Going To The Movies I told my wife I wanted to watch a movie about a billionaire playboy with a penchant for darkness, inflicting violence and dressing up in masks. She got excited and asked, "Are we really go to see 50 Shades?" I laughed and told her I was talking about The Lego Batman Movie.   NSFW I'm going to get lightning bolts tattooed on my penis It never strikes the same place twice   What is Uncle Ben's favorite condiment? Aunt Mayonnaise   What's my idea of foreplay? Half an hour of begging   How do you get on top of a Mexican restaurant? Use an enchiladar.   So I heard today... Trump's wall budget is 3 Billion more than NASA's budget for the year...apparently NASA doesn't deal with as many aliens as trump does.   My dominatrix is busy training a new assistant... I guess she's showing her the ropes.   What pronouns should you use with a chocolate bar? Hershe   A friend once asked me, "If you could have any super power in the world what would it be?" I told him: "Cold war Russia"   A boy asks the ice cream truck man. boy : "Do you have onion flavoured Ice cream ?" man : " sorry, no I don't" the boy says " ok" then walks away. the next day the boy comes again " do you have onion flavored ice cream ? " asks the boy again. the man replies " sorry, I don't have any" the boy walks away but also comes back the next day asking the same question, and gets the same reply the man decides to get onion flavored ice cream just to sell it to the boy, "if he asked for it so many times he probably will buy a lot" he thought. the next day as suspected to boy comes and asks " do you have onion flavored ice cream " the man says : " yes! a whole lot of it too" the boy : " haha that sucks, who would buy that shit" and walks away.   My teacher said, because I was acting up in class, I have to do a book report on the largest bone in the arm. Isn't that humorous?   A deafmute man walks into a pharmacy to buy condoms ...as he approaches the counter, he mouths to the pharmacist that he needs condoms. The pharmacist doesn't quite understand. Slower, and this time with sign language, the man who needs condoms mouths again that he needs condoms. Still confused, the pharmacist shakes his head and explains he doesn't understand. The deafmute man starts mouthing the word "sex" over and again, pointing at his crotch, and again, slowly mouths the word "CON-DOM". Still, the pharmacist looks at him perplexed. Exasperated, the deafmute man finally unzips his pants, pulls a 10 bill out of his pocket, and simultaneously puts the money and his penis on the table. He points to the money, points to his penis, points at the pharmacist, and points at a shelf behind the pharmacist where condoms are on display. The pharmacist unzips his pants, puts his own penis on the table, and picks up the ten dollars. The deafmute man begins throwing a fit. The pharmacist calmly looks at him and says "Well, if you're afraid to lose, don't play the game".   Why do politicians always claim to be religious? Because sects sells.   For me, Divorce is like Algebra. I look at my X and wonder Y.   What did the claustrophobic ninja do when he fell down a well? He flipped out   Country people would usually have a rooster to wake them up and the city people would have an alarm clock So that means that city people wake up to a clock and country people wake up to a cock.   What do you call a person who doesn't like Soviet Russia? A citizen of Soviet Russia   She was only a statistician's daughter but her deviations were anything but standard.   Be careful this winter... I saw black guys slip on black ice and get black eyes.   She was only a roadworker's daughter but she sure liked having her asphalt.   I'm eating that pssy Teacher asked, Why is your cat with u in school? Kid says (crying), "I heard daddy tell mommy, I'm eating that pssy when the kids leave!"   What do you call a triangle that gets into a car accident? A rektangle   No actually I am not single I am taken For granted   Do you know the way little children run towards the waves of the ocean but back up the very last second? That's the exact same way I flirt with girls   What do gay horses eat? Horse dick.   For Valentine's Day, me and the girlfriend are just gonna stay in and watch a movie. Can anyone recommend a good girlfriend?   Why does Gordon Ramsey like to have sex with a condom? Because he hates it raw.   Did you hear about the registered donor who had a car crash on the Golden Gate Bridge? He left his heart in San Francisco.   A man walks into a McDonalds. He sees an elderly couple with one Happy Meal. They take out all of the food, lay it out on the table, and start splitting it. They split the burger in half, split the fries into two equal piles, etc. But what strikes the man as odd is that only the husband begins eating. So the man walks over and says, "I can buy you another Happy Meal if you like." The elderly woman replies, "Oh no, we share everything." The man waits, and only the old man continues eating. The woman sits there and watches. So he goes back over and says, "Ma'am, I would be honored to buy you another Happy Meal." "Oh no," she replies, "you misunderstand. We share everything." Slightly exasperated, the man asks, "Then what are you waiting for?" The elderly woman replies, "The dentures, of course!"   A bought a farewell card for only a penny... It was a good buy.   What do you call a lesbian dinosaur A lickalotopuss.   A blonde's phone rang in the middle of the night A blonde's phone rang in the middle of the night. "Hello?" she said. "Hello," said a voice. "Is this Tommy?" "No," said the blonde. "You must have the wrong number." "Oh, sorry," said the caller. "I hope I didn't wake you." "Oh, that's okay," said the blonde. "I had to get up anyway, to answer the phone!"   Why did the mad scientist deliberately create a huge fire tornado? Some people just want to watch the whirled burn.   If the US stops minting pennies, 99 deals will disappear because they won't make cents any more.   What do squirrels and my girlfriend have in common? Both of them love stuffing their cheeks with nuts.   "Dad, look! I'm a 3D printer!" "Chris, close the god damn door if you're taking a shit"   Why did the chicken cross the road? Because it wanted a new highscore.   How do you get a nun pregnant? Dress her up as an alter boy.   Something for cooking on a stove. A metallic sculpture of a marijuana leaf. Donald Trump. Tin pot.   Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back Luckily I was the one facing the TV   How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb? Oh. You're still doing that?   I once when on a date with a girl who didn't swallow. There was soup everywhere.   Two goats on top of a hill... There are two goats on top of a hill eating grass. One says to the other I wish this was the kind of grass that gets you high. The other says did we not just climb this hill?   Why are aspirins white? Because they work.   I woke up this morning and my bedside light had turned into a moth... That's the last time I ever buy a larva lamp   Anybody here have sex while camping? It's fucking intense.   I hate left-handed people. Something about them just doesn't seem right.   A boy asks his mom why he's black and she's white She says, "Don't even go there. The way that party went, you're lucky you don't bark."   Science professor It is the new school year, and the science class sits down. The professor walks in with a dead body on a stretcher. The whole class screams and cringes at the sight of the body. The professor says, "Calm down class. Now, in this class you will be doing many things that may provoke feelings of disgust, but you must do them in the name of science. To help you overcome your fear, I brought in this doner body." The professor then puts his finger into the body's anus, and then puts the finger into his mouth. "Now, I want all of you to do what I did, put your finger in the anus of the body, then put your finger in your mouth. I will give you a zero if you do not do this." The students, not wanting to get a zero, one by one, put their fingers in the corpse, then in their mouths. The professor nods. "Very good class. However, a key component in proper science is careful observation. If you had been observing closely, you would have noticed I had put my middle finger in the corpse, and my index finger in my mouth."   The woman in the store A woman walks into a store. Billy the clerk and the manager are talking away, and the woman asks the clerk where some stuff is. Woman: "Excuse me sir, do you know where the Kleenex, toilet paper, ear cleaners, napkins, and tampons are? The manager replies with, "Dear Lord Billy, help her! She's leaking from every hole!"   What's the difference between a boy scout and a jew? One comes back from camp.   3 guys stand in front of the heaven gateway waiting to enter Archangel Gabriel greeds them but tell them that because of new rules only the ones with a worthy death story may enter. First guy in line: "Well.. I came home early from work and found my wife naked and exhausted in bed. I realized her deed and in fury I started looking for her lover and soon after I found him hanging by his fingers in our bedroom window. I picked up my hammer and started hammering his fingers until the screaming fucker let go. Falling down 4 stories I thought this would surely kill him but when I looked down I saw he had landed in a bush and survived the fall. Still frowning I ran to the kitchen, picked up our fridge and threw it out the bedroom window smashing my wifes lover like a melon. Apparently this was more than my heart could take and I died from a heart attack" Gabriel: "Sure is a good death story, you may enter" The second guy: "Well.. I was cleaning my bedroom window and suddenly I slipped and fell out window. Luckily my downstair neighbor had an open window and by quick reacting I grabbed the ledge by the tip of my fingers. But would you believe it, some douchebag fuck start hammering my fingers until I let go and fall down 4 stories. Amazingly I survive by landing in a bush but then the ass clown throws his fucking fridge out the window squashing me like a melon!.." Gabriel: "also a great story, you may enter" Third guy: "Well.. I was hiding naked in a fridge.." (spelling, grammar)   I could tell you a Mexican joke but it would cross the border.   Minecraft Minecraft - the sequel to Mein Kampf   A blind guy walks into a bar... A blind guy walks into a bar with his seeing eye dog. He makes his way through the crowded joint to order a beer from the bar. After a few sips the man casually grabs the slack from the leash, and proceeds to swing the dog by its neck around his head like a helicopter. Several terrified patrons scream, "what the hell are you doing?!?" Casually, yet slightly offended, the man replies, "geez, relax, I'm just looking around."   Just a list of movies from recent years Everybody wants some: Our Little Sister Victoria, The Neon Demon American Honey; Dr Strange, Son of Saul; The Clan. Love and Friendship - The Club. Room. Wiener-dog. Sausage Party. High Rise. Mustang. Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them. Fast And Furious 7. Arrival, Joy, Zootopia. Deadpool. The Hateful 8.   Gynecologist: Do you know what your asshole is doing while you are having an orgasm?? Beautiful young patient: Probably golfing with his buddies...   What did Nixon say when his pasta got criticized? I am not a cook.   What is the difference between a rebel base and a Pakistan school? I don't know I'm just a drone pilot   How did the geologist win his lawsuit? By taking advantage of the quartz system.   What do you call someone that occasionally likes gloves? Intermitten   A blonde walks into a TechStore She says: "Can i have that TV over there?" The Man on the Counter replies: "No because you're blonde". The next day the Blonde decides to put on a brunette wig and goes back into the store and asks again: "Can i have that TV over there?" The Man on the Counter, again replies: "No because you're blonde!" the blonde is completely bewildered at why he knew that she was blonde! so she tries again the next day with a red wig, again the same respone, and so on and on with always different wigs. Then one day she asks: "OKAY! HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT I'M BLONDE?" The man replies: "Because that a fcking microwave"   Rick Astley will let you borrow you any movie in his Pixar collection... Except for one: hes never gonna give you UP!   TIL that there's a new shortcut in the PC version of GTA V, which when you press it, will cause your character to kill minorities. Alt-right.   A jew walks into a bar... It was a dozen kilograms and he sold it for a grand   Some friends and I were going to a Halloween party... My friends Warren, Nicholas, and I were going to a Halloween party. We needed to pick out costumes. Being an avid cosplayer, Nicholas, who we called Nick, was going as the iron giants. I'm more inclined to go with a simple costume, as I have in the past. I went as a roll of toilet paper. Warren, who we called War because it sounds better than 'Ren,' could not for the life of him choose what to wear. So we went to the costume store and looked at every single outfit we could. He decided to pick out a ninja turtle outfit. Well, our friend Catherine, who we called Kate, was there and she was also going to be a ninja turtle. She became a bit upset at the thought of wearing the same thing as War. "Look," Kate told Nick, " I know that if it were you that picked out the same costume as me, you'd change it. Same to you," she told me. "You guys are reasonable like that. But War. War never changes."   Which song is the most salty? Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Hey, Jude   Two women are sitting at a bus stop... They're both smoking, and it starts to rain. One if them out her cigarette out, and the other took out a condom to put over the cigarette so she could continue smoking. The woman looks at the one with the condom and says, "wow that's neat, what is it and where can I get one?" The other woman replies, "it's a condom, you can get them at any of your locals pharmacies." So the woman walks to a nearby pharmacy. She goes up to the counter and asks the cashier, "hey can I have a pack of condoms please?" The cashier says, "sure what size?" To which she replies, "the size that can fit a camel."   What did the man say after eating a Big Mac, a McRib, a bucket of KFC, and a Arby's brisket? Nothing. He died of a heart attack.   I bought some shoes from a drug dealer I don't know what they were laced with but I kept tripping   Communism is a trash can ideology When you're eating out of a trash can it doesn't sound half bad.   A Jewish man walks into a bar... He sits down and orders a drink. After a while he gets bored and tells the bartender "Bartender... Tell me a funny joke." The bartender tells him "Hitler killed millions of Jews and one clown." The Jewish man, dumbfounded, tells him "... I don't get it. Why the clown?" The bartender "See, nobody ever gives a shit about the Jews."   Kids of the 2010's will get this... Smartphones.   How do you comfort a grammar buff? There, their, they're.   Did you hear about the actor who fell through the floor? It was just a stage he was going through.   which came first the chicken or the egg? the chicken because eggs cant cum   Why did the sugar hang out with the tomoto? He wanted to ketchup.   I just bought a replica of the Knight Rider car. The previous owner said it was a KITT car.   Who wins a race between a gay couple and lesbian couple? The lesbians. Because they go lickety split and the gay guys poke ass along.   If your gunna tell a joke about a midget being smothered in honey.... Keep it short and sweet.   How come american cops always lose at pool? Because they always shoot down the black one first.   A rich man needs to paint his entire mansion So he asks to 3 people for the price: A Chinese, a German and a Brazilian. The Chinese says: It'll cost 2 million dollars. 1,5 million for painting, half a million for profit. The German says: It'll cost 4 million. 2,5 million for the painting and 1,5 million for profit The Brazilian says: It'll cost 10 million. You get 4 million, I get 4 million, and give 2 for the Chinese   What's a joke that was funny in early America, but is even more hilarious in the present day middle east? "Women's rights" ba-dum ching   The bass drop In school, I once dropped the base. The kid next to me got severe alkali burns. . .   What happens to a penis after sex? Natural In-Stink   At church one sunday... I was praying to God about some new trainers i want, when all of a sudden, a tall white haired man appears saying in a deep voice "I A GOD" a little stunned i dont believe the white bearded man, "prove it" i say, then poof my brand new trainers appear before me now, flabbergasted i ask "wow, so out of all the prayers why did you answer mine, about some trainers?" God then looks at me and says "well, i got bored of giving kids in Africa AIDS"   "Would you like a drink?" "I have a boyfriend!" "I'm the barkeeper you stupid cunt"   Our neighbours criticized our new fence We took offense   RIP Jobs What did the unemployed cancer cell say? "We should get Jobs"   Three guys were found trespassing in the city lake They were put on trial and the judge called them in one by one Judge: What were you doing in the lake after 9 pm? Man 1: Your honor, I was blowing bubbles. Man 1 exits, Man 2 comes in Judge: What were you doing in the lake after 9 pm? Man 2: Your honor, I was blowing bubbles. Man 2 exits, Man 3 comes in Judge: Dont tell me you were blowing bubbles too. Man 3: No sir my name is Bubbles   One night a man walks into a bar looking sad..... One night a man walks into a bar looking sad. The bartender asks the man what he wants. The man says Oh just a beer. The bartender asked the man Whats wrong,why are you so down today?. The man said My wife and i got into a fight,and she said she wouldnt talk to me for a month. The bartender said So whats wrong with that? The man siad Well the month is up tonight.   Did you hear about the midget fortune teller who escaped prison? They're a small medium at large.   Surprise oral will make your day Surprise anal will make your hole weak   Woman to her girlfriend: My husband got me a dozen roses; tonight I guess I have no choice but to spread eagle with my legs in the air. Girlfriend: Don't you have a vase?   I hate seeing penises and people peeing Looks like I am allergic to peanuts   Ever hear that black people have a speech impediment? Not true, its just a myff.   I once saw a Chupacabras... Baby goats are so adorable.   A Reposter walked into... rjokes. The End   I used to think I was good in bed..... Until my girlfriend told me she had asthma.   Son : "Daddy, I fell in love want to date this awesome girl!" Father : "That's great son. Who is she?" Son: "It's Tina, the neighbor's daughter". Father : "Ohhh I wish you hadn't said that.I have to tell u something son, but you must promise not to tell your mother.Tina is actually your sister." The boy is naturally bummed out, but a couple of months later Son : "Daddy, I fell in love again and she is even hotter!" Father : "That's great son. Who is she?" Son: "It's Peny, the other neighbor's daughter." Father : "Ohhhh I wish you hadn't said that. Peny is also your sister." This went on couple of times and the son was so mad,he went straight to his mother crying. Son : "Mum I am so mad at dad ! I fell in love with six girls but I can't date any of them because daddy is their father!" The mother hugs him affectionately and says: "My love, you can date whoever you want. Don't listen to him. He is not your Father."!!!   Boudreaux decides he needs to go to college So Boudreaux heads down to Nicholls State and talks to the Dean. The Dean tells him "Well Boudreaux, you don't have much education, so we'll start you with the basics. Literature, Math, History and Logic." Boudreaux says "I heard of dem math and books and history, but what's logic?" The Dean says "Well, let me show you. Do you own a lawnmower?" "Ya" "So that means you probably own a home, right?" "Yessir" "And if you own a home, you likely have a wife and children, correct?" "That I do" "Which means you're a straight male." "Wow, you figured out all dat from a lawnmower?" "Yes Mr Boudreaux, that's what logic is." So Boudreaux leaves and heads down to the bar where he runs into Thibodeaux. He starts telling him about how he's going to college and his classes. Thibodeaux asks him "Well, I know those other ones, but what's logic?" Boudreaux says "I'll show you. Do you own a lawnmower?" "Well no Boudreaux, I don't." "Then you're a faggot."   You'd think glass would taste like rocks.. But it just tastes like blood.   What's brown and sticky? A stick.   What did Richard Spencer squeal after getting punched in the face? "I'm Nazi bad person here!"   What do Australians wear under their pants? Down Undies   I can count the number of times I've been to Chernobyl on one hand It's seven   Stoner goes to the doctor A stoner goes to the doctor complaining he sees cats playing soccer every night when he falls asleep. The doctor recommends he stays up for a night. Stoner says ok but he can't miss the final tonight.   I had a joke about time travel.... ... But you guys didnt like it   Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is based on a true story... Chuck Norris once swallowed a turtle whole, and when he crapped it out the turtle was 6 feet tall and knew karate.   Who called it election and not.. Pikachu   Why do you never see an African in Olympic swimming? You need water to swim   Yo Momma so stupid... She brought a spoon to the superbowl.   A girl asks a boy "What does your dad do for a living?'' He replies "He's a magician." She asks "Is he good?" He says "Yeah, he disappeared 8 years ago."   Alec Baldwin has been arrested. His lawyers believe on Trumped up charges.   Why do we live on a giant rock, but ruled by money? Because paper beats rock.   My therapist recommended an anonymous community to me, a narcissist. Said that they gather and discuss their day to day accomplishments, annoyances, etc. I told him I've been using Reddit for a couple months now and see no changes. I then saw myself out.   First time grandparents go to visit the new baby After traveling several hours, enjoying dinner, and meeting the baby, the grandparents decided to spend the night. The grandparents, being older, had trouble sleeping. The grandfather rolled over, tapped on the grandmother' shoulder, and asked, "would you like to do some laundry?" This had been their code word for sex for many years. The grandmother was beside herself. "Here? In your child's and new grandchild's house? That's disgusting!" The grandfather sighed and rolled over. After dosing off for a few hours, the grandmother woke up, tapped the grandfather on the shoulder and said, "I think everyone else is asleep. We can do some laundry now!" The grandfather yawned and replied, "Don't worry about that, dear. I just had a small load, so I did it by hand."   What did one gamer do to the other gamer after he lost? Consoled him   Why are the polar ice caps melting Because polar bears are a hot animal   Blonde car A blonde tried to sell her old car. She was having a lot of problems selling it, because the car had 200,000 miles on it. One day, she told her problem to a brunette she worked with at a salon. The brunette told her, "There is a possibility to make the car easier to sell, but it's not legal." "That doesn't matter," replied the blonde, "If I only can sell the car. "Okay," said the brunette. "Here is the address of a friend of mine. He owns a car repair shop. Tell him I sent you and he will turn the counter in your car back to 50,000 miles. Then it should not be a problem to sell your car anymore." The following weekend, the blonde made the trip to the mechanic. About one month after that, the brunette asked the blonde, "Did you sell your car?" "No," replied the blonde, "why should I? It only has 60,000 miles on it."   A: What comes after 75? B: 76 A: That's the spirit.   I used to cut and burn myself. Then I took culinary classes.   Dad: You know son, if you keep masterbating, you're going to go blind Me: Dad, I'm over here   After death, what is the only organ in the female body which remains warm? My penis.   A blonde is sitting next to a lawyer on a plane The lawyer just keeps bugging the blonde wanting her to play a game of intelligence. Finally, the lawyer offers her 100 to 1 odds, and says every time the blonde can not answer one of his questions, she owes him 5, but every time he cannot answer hers, hell give her 500. The lawyer figures he could not lose, and the blonde reluctantly accepts. The lawyer first asks, What is the distance between the Earth and the nearest star? Without saying a word the blonde hands him 5. The blonde then asks, What goes up a hill with 3 legs and comes back down the hill with 4 legs? Well, the lawyer is puzzled. He takes several hours, looking up everything he can on his laptop and even placing numerous air-to-ground phone calls trying to find the answer. Finally, angry and frustrated, he gives up and pays the blonde 500 The blonde put the 500 into her purse without comment, but the lawyer insists, What is the answer to your question? Without saying a word, the blonde hands him 5.   If you go to the beach and forget your lunch, what can you eat? Just eat the sand which is there.   TV for sale A man walks by a garage sale and he sees a flat screen TV, he asks the seller "how much's the TV? Seller: 1 Dollar. Man: What? One dollar!, how come it's so cheap? S: The valume is stuck on the highest option. M: Is that it, is there anything else I should know? S: Nope thats it M: Wow, You can turn that down   Guy goes to a ballgame... ...finds his seat and sees an elderly fellow in the next row with an empty seat beside him. They get to chatting and he asks if the seat is taken: "Not anymore. My wife and I used to go to all the games together, but she died. This is the first game I've been to since!" "Oh, I'm so sorry. Couldn't you give the ticket to a friend, or a family member?" "Nah. They're all at the funeral."   Thanks for explaining the word "many" to me. It means a lot.   Two chemists walk into a bar The first one says "I think I'll have an H2O." The second one says "I think I'll have water too." The first chemist now has to rethink the assassination.   How does the weather in Seattle compare to the rest of the United States? It's Rainier!   A man sees a pregnant woman laughing He asks the woman, she replies "Nothing, it's an inside joke!"   What do you call someone who stereotypes Asians? A Rice-ist   Everyone has secrets Billy, learned at school that everybody has secrets. So, he decided to take advantage of it. His mom, obviously scared to death: "Here, take 100 euros and say NOTHING to your father about it, okay?" "Okay mommy!" says Billy and leaves the room with a big smile on his face. When his dad came from work, he did the same to him as well: "Daddy, daddy! I found out everything!" Numb, his father puts his hand on his pocket: "Here, take 350 euros and say NOTHING to your mother, okay?" "Okay!" says Billy with a bigger smile on his face. The next morning, on his way to school, he sees the Postman. He thought he could try it to him too: "Mr. Focker, I know everything!" The Postman, the minute he heard it, fell on his knees and wide opened his arms: "Then come to Daddy!"   Two men are driving along a rural road when the driver spots a sheep with it's head stuck in the fence... The driver pulls the car over and walks over to the sheep. The passenger watching this assumes he got out to help. The driver, not having intercourse for the longest time, drops his pants and starts sodomizing the sheep. The passenger is shocked and yells out the window, "What the hell are you doing?!". The driver, mid-stroke yells back, "I'm fucking this sheep, you want some of this?". So the passenger gets out of the car and sticks his head in the fence.   Why did Billy drop his ice cream He got run over by the ice-cream truck.   A boy with a wooden eye asked a girl with a hairy lip to the prom... Seeing how nobody else would likely go with them, the boy with the wooden eye asks the girl with the hairy lip, "Would you like to go to Prom with me?". The girl with the hairy lip, surprised and excited says, "Would I!?". "HAIRY LIP", replied the boy.   Obama's going to open a home food preservation supply store next It's called "Yes We Can"   I just found out my best friend, Jos, is moving away. !No guey, Jos!   A joke my nursing teacher told the class A new nurse on the psychiatric ward goes into a patient's room to talk the patient and check up on her. The nurse asks the patient "How are you doing today?" The patient says "That's no way to address me!" "What do you mean?" replies the nurse "You should address someone of my stature with respect and humility!" said the patient indignantly "Oh, I should? And why is that?" asked the nurse "Because, I am the Queen!" the patient exclamed "Really now? And who told you that?" The nurse asked skeptically "God did!" replied the patient "Did not!" shouted the patient from down the hall   A plane is crashing with President Trump... A plane is crashing with President Trump, an old man, a little boy and the pilot. Dont ask questions. Just accept this situation. :) The plane is nearing the ground and the group is dicussing who gets the only 3 parachutes. President Trump immediately grabs one and says (With a donald trump voice)"I am the new President. I have a lot of great plans for my country. I need a parachute." He takes one and jumps. The pilot then quickly blurts out, "I am the captain of this plane. These are my parachutes. Im taking one." He takes one and jumps. This leaves only the little boy and the old man. The old man quickly says. "You better take the las parachute. Im old and have lived my life. You can still do great things with the time.." He is interrupted by the little boy who says. "You dont have to die! We can both go. President Trump Jumped out with my backpack!"   Doughnuts make u go nuts What kind of doughnuts do the KKK prefer? White powdered doughnuts   A heart of gold. A local charity had never received a donation from the towns banker, so the director made a phone call. Our records show you make 500,000 a year, yet you havent given a penny to charity, the director began. Wouldnt you like to help the community? The banker replied, Did your research show that my mother is ill, with extremely expensive medical bills? Um, no, mumbled the director. Or that my brother is unemployed? Or that my sisters husband left, leaving her broke with four kids? I I I had no idea. So, said the banker, if I dont give them any money, why would I give any to you?   I got a job at the strip club. "I help the girls get dressed and undressed." "Great gig. How much?" "Twenty dollars a day." "That's not very much." "It's all I can afford."   If 666 is the evil number Then 25.806975... is the root of all evil.   Did you guys hear about the cow that was able to step over the the electric fence? No one could believe it, it was an udder shock!   The substitute teacher's eyes were crossed She couldn't control her pupils.   I asked why my stitches were unravelling but accidentally posted it to a gaming forum last night Turns out it was the wrong thread   two lovers were in the heat of passion when all of a sudden the sound of hard breaking and tire screeching was heard from outside They jump out of bed, she rushes to the bathroom to freshen up, he grabs his cloths and heads out the window. 5 minutes later there is a knock on the front door. She goes to open it while setting her dress. When she opens the door the guy she was just making love to was waiting outside. "Honey", says her husband. "We're way too stressed out" edit: added "husband" for clarification   Models Why did the models keep tripping on the runway? They were showing off the fall lineup. Badumtss   I'm getting tired of all the sexual comments about my skirt... "Slut" "You don't leave a lot to fantasize about" "Why couldn't you just have worn something under your skirt?" "Dude your balls are visible"   Never buy flowers from a monk Only YOU can prevent florist friars   Did you know? One Direction's "best song ever" is not actually best song ever.   Have you heard the one about the Australian Aboriginal, the copper and the mud crab? There's an aboriginal man who's been hunting for crabs in the mangroves and he hadn't been having much luck. All of a sudden he spots the biggest juiciest mud crab he's ever laid his eyes on. He throws it in his bucket with a bit of water then throws the bucket In the trunk of his car to go home and cook up his grub! oh boy he was licking his lips thinking of that crab with a bit of melted butter and lemon. He's driving. he hears a siren and sees the lights of a police officer insisting he pull over. "Here we bloody go" he's thinking. So the copper raps on his window and says "excuse me sir, are you aware of your car dripping water from the boot?". "ahhh naaa mate... not sure what you're talking about officer". "Sir, please open the trunk". "yeh no worries". And so this aboriginal man opens the trunk and the officer gasps when he sees the size of the mudcrab. "Sir are you aware it's illegal to be fishing for mud crab at this time of the year?" says the constable. The aboriginal fella looked genuinely confused. "naaaa brother you got it all wrong. this is my pet crab, Larry. Owned him for years. I was just taking him for a splash down at the mangrove". "yeah bullshit mate! you must think I'm an idiot" "come back to the mangrove. it's not far away and I will prove to you this is my pet" says the aboriginal while stifling a smile. The officer entertains the idea because what harm can it do. they both make their way a short distance to the mangrove edge. the man pulls his pet from the bucket and lowers the crab back into the murky water where it slowly scurried away and disappeared into the mud. And so the aboriginal man slowly stands while dusting off his hands and turns to the officer who's patiently waiting. the officer asks.. "well mate you said the mud crab would come back to you when you called his name???" The aboriginal man looks the officer in the eyes and with only the slightest twitch in his upper lip says.. "WHAT MUD CRAB!!!"   Where did Hitler put his little armies? In his little Sleevies.   Today marks a very special landmark Whitney Houston has been clean for five years   Bad pick up line Me: spell me Her: M-E Me: you forgot the D Her: there is no D in me Me: not yet   A fat man is watching television He is desperate about his weight situation, all of the sudden he sees an advertisement about losing weight on a tv channel, the woman on the tv shows 3 lose weight secrets that can be deliver to your house but without knowing what the actual product is, she also mentions to be aware of the third one and that is under your own risk if you get it but definitively the best one to lose weight. Kind of confused the man calls and buys package 1 He waits and within 30 min someone knocks at the door, the fat man barely makes it and opens the door, to his surprise there is a female wearing bikini and a poster that says " if you catch me I am yours" the fat man without thinking starts running anxiously trying to catch the hot women in bikini, after 25 min running he is unable to catch the hot woman but when coming back home he realizes he lost 10 pounds. The man is so happy he now calls to buy package 2, he waits 1 hour and suddenly someone knocks at the door, the man runs to the door and when he opens it this time there is a very hot naked woman with a poster that says " if you catch me I am yours" the man starts the chase and when finally not able to reach the naked woman he returns home, but this time he lost 20 pounds. The fat man is so happy, not only he has lost 30 pounds in the same day but also he met two of the most wonderful women in his life.He is so eager to buy package 3 that he forgets the caution about buying this package, he calls and buys package 3,this time he really wants to catch the next thing it shows up at his door, he takes a shower, puts some comfortable pants, running shoes, and cologne. After waiting 2 hours, someone knocks really damn hard at his door, the fat man runs to the door and when opening the door, there is a big black brawny man, with his pants down and a poster that says " If I catch you, you are mine".   What do you call two Australian math nerds having sex? A square root.   Police officer pulls an elderly couple over. A police officer pulls an elderly couple over. The old man is driving. Officer: I pulled you over for speeding. Old man: I wasn't speeding, you must have the wrong guy. Old lady: You were going 80 miles per hour, don't lie to the good officer. Old man: Shut your goddamn mouth you old bitch! Officer: I also noticed that you aren't wearing a seat belt. Old man: I was wearing a seat belt but took it off when you pulled me over. Old lady: You haven't worn a seat belt in the 60 years I've known you. Stop lying to the good officer. Old man: Bitch, I told you to keep your damned mouth shut! Officer: Ma'am, does he always talk to you this way? Old lady: Only when he's drunk.   A man asked God "why did you make women so beautiful"? And He replied, "So you will love them" The man continued, "But why did you make them so stupid?" He replied, "So they will love you"   A zoophile, a sadist, a murderer, a necrophile, a pyromaniac and a masochist are all sitting on a bench in a mental institution, bored out of their minds. "Let's about having sex with a cat?" says the zoophile. "Let's have sex with the cat and then torture it," says the sadist. "Let's have sex with the cat, torture it, and then kill it," shouts the murderer. "Let's have sex with the cat, torture it, kill it and then fuck it again," says the necrophile. "Let's have sex with the cat, torture it, kill it, fuck it again and then burn it," says the pyromaniac. Silence took over, and then the masochist says: "Meow."   A little old man shuffled slowly into an ice cream parlour and pulled himself slowly and painfully, up onto a stool.. After catching his breath, he ordered a banana split. The waitress asked kindly, "Crushed nuts?" "No, he replied, "Arthritis."   What do you call a funk band composed of only plumbers? George Sinkton and the P-Trap All Stars.   I'm not addicted to sandpaper... I just need a little something to take the edge off.   We read it wrong! Father Joseph had spent the last few months holed up in the Vatican library, trying to unlock the secrets of Christianity by reading all the old scrolls books available. Day and night he toiled away in his self-administered solitary confinement. Months passed this way, till the Pope started worrying about him. He sent a young priest to check up on him. The priest made his way to the library, climbing down level after level, searching for the ever elusive Joseph. Finally, in the deepest level, he heard whimpers and cries. Concerned, he rushed into the room, and in the corner was Father Joseph, head between his hands, crying. "Father, are you alright? What happened?" inquired the priest. Joseph looked up, tears streaming down his cheek, and said "They said Celebrate...CELEBRATE!"   Did you hear that Apple Guy died? R.I.P. Isaac Newton   In class one day, a teacher asks her young students what their dads do for a living NSFW "Sally, what does your daddy do?" "My daddy is a lawyer!" She says, proudly "Jane, what does your daddy do?" "My daddy is a doctor" She exclaims This go on until she gets to Frankie "Frankie, what does your daddy do for a living?" Frankie hangs his head and in a small, timid voice he says "My daddy works in a bar. He dances for other men. Sometimes, if the money is good, he'll go into the back alley and have sex with them" The teacher is shocked. She gets the other students distracted doing other things and takes Frankie into a quiet corner. "Frankie! Why would you say something like that?!?" Frankie looks up at her and says "I'm sorry! He doesn't! It's just that he plays for the Leafs and I was too ashamed to say!!" (Insert any other hockeysport team in the punchline)   Three guys go to a ski lodge... Three guys go to a ski lodge, and there aren't enough rooms so they have to share a bed. In the middle of the night, the guy on the right wakes up and says, "I had this wild, vivid dream of getting a hand job!" The guy on the left wakes up, and unbelievably, he's had the same dream, too. Then the guy in the middle wakes up and says, "That's funny I dreamed I was skiing!"   A man was contemplating suicide on a bridge. A man was contemplating suicide on a bridge when he looked down and saw a little man with no arms dancing. This cheered him up and made him change his mind about suicide. When he got down off the bridge he approached the little man to thank him. "Thank you, I was going to jump off the bridge until I noticed you dancing. If you can find the good in life even with no arms, I can do the same" "Dancing?" Said the little man. "I wasn't dancing, me arse is itchy and I can't scratch it!"   Scientists removed the right half brain of a man and asked him to count to ten. The man counted, "two, four, six, eight, ten." Then they put the right-half back and removed the left-half, and again asked the man to count to ten. The man counted, "one, three, five, seven, nine." The scientists then removed both halves of the man's brain, and asked him again to count to ten. The man said, "look, we're gonna count to ten. We're gonna count. Because I know numbers, I have the best numbers. All the politicians in Washington can't count to one-believe me, I've counted to one many, many times. They said we couldn't count to ten. Well, I'm beating all of those people in the polls. We're gonna count to ten. Everybody, count to ten. Okay? And let me tell you - let me tell you something. I will be the best counting President God has ever created. We are gonna count to so many tens, I tell you. Look at that!"   A young man goes into a drug store to buy condoms..... A young man goes into a drug store to buy condoms. The pharmacist says the condoms come in packs of 3, 9 or 12 and asks which the young man wants. "Well," he said, "I've been seeing this girl for a while and she's really hot. I want the condoms because I think tonight's "the" night. We're having dinner with her parents, and then we're going out. And I've got a feeling I'm gonna get lucky after that." "Once she's had me, she'll want me all the time, so you'd better give me the 12 pack." The young man makes his purchase and leaves. Later that evening, he sits down to dinner with his girlfriend and her parents. He asks if he might give the blessing and they agree. He begins the prayer, but continues praying for several minutes. The girl leans over to him and says, "You never told me that you were such a religious person." The boy leans over to her and whispers, "You never told me that your father is a pharmacist."   If Valve had an NHL team... would that be the Mighty VAC's?   Turns out there are TWO Loch Ness Monsters. One of them is quite mean, but the other actually gives away his forestry tools. A little weird, sure, but it's always nice to see some random axe of Kind Ness.   Indian business Joseph Mandelbaum and Benjamin Rosenblatt, partners in the garment industry, are having their worst season ever. Ten thousand Madras sports coats are hanging on the rack unsold, and bankruptcy is imminent. Out of the blue, in walks a buyer from Australia looking for Madras sports jackets. "Would you guys have any for sale?" asks the Australian, "I have been looking for them everywhere." After a brief pause to catch his breath, Joseph admits that there might be a few left. Soon a deal is concluded for ten thousand jackets, to be shipped to Australia at a handsome profit. "There is one thing;" says the buyer, "for this large order I need to get confirmation from my home office. There should be no problem, so unless I send you a cable by the end of the week, the deal is on." The week creeps by, with the partners anxiously waiting to see if the Australian will change his mind. At ten minutes to five on Friday, Benjamin is closing up the shop when there is a knock at the door and a voice shouts, "Telegram!" The partners freeze. Trembling, Joseph grabs the cable and opens it. Suddenly his face lights up. "Bennie! Great news! Your wife just died!"   You know what I like about midgets? Very Little.   I lost my watch at a party once... An hour later I saw some guy stepping on it while he was sexually harassing some woman at that party. Infuriated, I immediately went over, punched him and broke his nose. No one does that to a woman, not on my watch.   Why is Legolas so fit? He always eats elfy snacks.   My wife doesn't like vomit jokes. But I do nausea problem with it.   Why do people boil pasta in water? It is way too soggy.   What do you call huge dancing rocks? Technotonic plates.   I went to my favorite bar last night. A Chinese guy sits down next to me. I ask him "hey, do you know karate or some other martial art"? He says "why, because I'm Asian"? I said "no, because you're drinking my beer".   A young boy, about eight years old, was at the corner grocery picking out a large size box of laundry detergent... The grocer walked over and trying to be friendly, asked the boy if he had a lot of laundry to do. "Nope, no laundry," the boy said, "I'm going to wash my dog." "But, you shouldn't use this to wash your dog. It's very powerful and if you wash your dog in this, he'll get sick. In fact, it might even kill him." But, the boy was not to be stopped and carried the detergent to the counter and paid for it, even as the grocer still tried to talk him out of washing his dog. About a week later, the boy was back in the store to buy some candy. The grocer asked the boy how his dog was doing. "Oh, he died." the boy said. The grocer, trying not to be an "I-told-you-so" said he was sorry the dog died, but added, "I tried to tell you not to use that detergent on your dog." "Well, the boy replied, "I don't think it was the detergent that killed him." "Oh? What was it then?" "I think it was the spin cycle."   A Scotsman, an Englishman and an Indian man were waiting outside the delivery room. The matron comes out and explains that the hospital has accidentally mixed up the babies. The Scot goes straight in and picks up the brown baby. The Indian says "Are you sure that's your baby?" The Scot says "No, but there's no way I'm going to risk leaving here with an English baby."   What's the only acceptable thing for a Scotsman to wear under his kilt? Lipstick   An old geezer, who had been a retired..... An old geezer, who had been a retired farmer for a long time became very bored and decided to open a medical clinic. He put a sign up outside that said: "Get your treatment for 500 - if not cured get back 1,000." Doctor "Young," who was positive that this old geezer didn't know beans about medicine, thought this would be a great opportunity to get 1,000. He went to Dr. Geezer's clinic and this is what happened. Dr. Young: "Dr. Geezer, I have lost all taste in my mouth. Can you please help me? Dr. Geezer: "Nurse, please bring medicine from box 22 and put 3 drops in Dr. Young's mouth." Dr. Young: "Aaagh! This is Gasoline!" Dr. Geezer: "Congratulations! You've got your taste back. That will be 500." Dr. Young gets annoyed and goes back after a couple of days figuring to recover his money. Dr Young: "I have lost my memory, I cannot remember anything." Dr. Geezer: "Nurse, please bring medicine from box 22 and put 3 drops in the patient's mouth." Doctor Young: "Oh no you don't, that's Gasoline!" Dr. Geezer: "Congratulations! You've got your memory back. That will be 500." Dr. Young (after having lost 1000) leaves angrily and comes back after several more days. Dr. Young: "My eyesight has become weak I can hardly see!" Dr. Geezer: "Well, I don't have any medicine for that so. Here's your 1000 back." Dr. Young: "But this is only 500..." Dr. Geezer: "Congratulations! You got your vision back! That will be 500." Moral of story: Just because you're "Young" doesn't mean that you can outsmart an old "Geezer "   A kindergarten student told his teacher he'd found a cat... A kindergarten student told his teacher he'd found a cat, but it was dead. "How do you know that the cat was dead?" she asked her student. "Because I pissed in its ear and it didn't move," answered the child innocently. "You did WHAT?!?!?!" the teacher yelled in shock. "You know," explained the boy, "I leaned over and went 'Pssst!' and it didn't move."   I came up with a science joke... Why are people with diamond shoes so bad for the environment? They have a big carbon footprint...   Rule 1 for learning english Their our know rules!   Why did the chicken cross the road? Why did the chicken cross the road? "To get to the other side" Nope to get to the idiots house. "Oh" knock knock "who's there?" The chicken.   What is Politics? A little boy goes to his dad and asks, "What is politics?" Dad says, "Well son, let me try to explain it this way: Im the breadwinner of the family, so lets call me capitalism. Your Mom, shes the administrator of the money, so well call her the Government. Were here to take care of your needs, so well call you the people. The nanny, well consider her the Working Class. And your baby brother, well call him the Future. Now, think about that and see if that makes sense," So the little boy goes off to bed thinking about what dad had said. Later that night, he hears his baby brother crying, so he gets up to check on him. He finds that the baby has severely soiled his diaper. So the little boy goes to his parents room and finds his mother sound asleep. Not wanting to wake her, he goes to the nannys room. Finding the door locked, he peeks in the keyhole and sees his father in bed with the nanny. He gives up and goes back to bed. The next morning, the little boy says to his father, "Dad, I think I Understand the concept of politics now." The father says, "Good son, tell me in your own words what you think politics is all about." The little boy replies, "Well, while Capitalism is screwing the Working Class, the Government is sound asleep, the People are being ignored and the Future is in deep shit."   A teacher asked her students... A teacher asked her 4th grade students a question every Thursday afternoon at the end of the day saying if they got it right they would not need to come to school Friday. The first week she asks "how many stars in the galaxy?" No students had the answer. The next week she asks"how many grains of sand are there on the beaches in Florida?" Nobody had an answer. The kids were getting frustrated, and little Billy told them "don't worry, I have an idea." Billy came to school Thursday with 2 billiard balls that were painted black. As the teacher stands up to ask her question at the end of the day, Billy rolls the balls down towards the front of the room. The billiard balls crash against her desk and the students laugh. The teacher shouts "ok! Who is the comedian with the black balls!?" Billy jumps from his seat, strolls toward the door and says "Kevin Hart. See you on Monday!"   I bought a Fleetwood Mac GPS for my car. It's useless though. It just keeps telling me to go my own way.   A man flying in a hot air balloon suddenly realizes hes lost. A man flying in a hot air balloon suddenly realizes hes lost. He reduces height and spots a man down below. He lowers the balloon further and shouts to get directions, Excuse me, can you tell me where I am? The man below says: Yes. Youre in a hot air balloon, hovering 30 feet above this field. You must work in Information Technology, says the balloonist. I do replies the man. How did you know? Well, says the balloonist, everything you have told me is technically correct, but Its of no use to anyone. The man below replies, You must work in management. I do, replies the balloonist, But howd you know? Well, says the man, you dont know where you are or where youre going, but you expect me to be able to help. Youre in the same position you were before we met, but now its my fault.   What do you call a bear with no teeth A gummy bear   An Englishman, a Frenchman, a ravishing blonde and a homely brunette... ...are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness. On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek. The brunette thinks 'I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.' The blonde thinks 'I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the dowdy brunette for me and she slapped the beast.' The Frenchman thinks 'I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.' The Englishman thinks 'I can't wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.'   A profilactic check-up with the dermatologist at a coal mine. In comes a miner, the doctor tells him to undress and peel back the skin of his penis. "What's that bubblegum doing there", asked the doctor. "Well, the mines are all sooty and dusty and that's the only clean place down there." "What's with the second piece of bubble gum next to it?" "Oh, that one's Ahmed's, he has nowhere to put it."   3 guys die in a car crash and go to hell they all appear at the gates of hell and are greeted by satan himself satan says to the first man "whats your favorite thing in the world?" the man says "i love getting drunk just shit faced all the time" satan opens a door and inside is every alcoholic drink you can imagine the man walks in drooling at what he sees satan says "see you in 1000 years" and locks the door behind him satan says to the second man "whats your favorite thing in the world?" the man says "i love getting pussy man i live to fuck dude" satan opens a door and inside is the most beautiful women he could imagine" he runs in full sprint and satan says "see ya in a 1000 years" and locks the door satan walks up to the last man and says "how bout you?" the man says "i love smoking weed man, i haven't been sober since i was 10" satan opens a door and inside is every strain of cannabis in the world and a few strains specific to hell" the man walks in slowly satan says you already know" and locks the door 1000 yars pass and satan checks up on the 3 guys the first guy is laying in a puddle of his own puke with broken bottles everywhere the second man runs out screaming "im gay im gay!" the last man satan was shocked by the 3rd man is laying in the fetal position silent satan says "are you ok?" and the man with a single tear in his eye looks up to satan and says "hey man... you got a light?"   Did you hear the Coco Pops monkey was recently murdered? Tony the Tiger, Snap, Crackle and Pop all got killed too. Police think its the work of a serial killer.   A doctor once told me that it's important to get 8 hours of beauty sleep per day But to be honest I think you need 9   Three counsellors die and go to Hell... OC A Person Centred counsellor, a Gestalt therapist and a CBT practitioner are all travelling back from a conference together in a car when they slip on some ice, the car crashes down a hill and they all die. As theres no such thing as God, they awake at the gates of Hell. Already the smell of brimstone and black smoke assault their senses and they cant see more than a few feet in front of them. A shape moves though the smoke towards them and as it clears they see Satan towering over them with a wild manic grin and all three men are gripped by terror. First Satan walks over the Person Centred counsellor and speaks in a booming voice Welcome to hell mortal. How does it feel to know you are now a slave in my kingdom for all eternity? Being a good counsellor he immediately communicates the core conditions and replies I really value your interest in me but Im wondering if we should focus on you. I had the sense youre trying to keep me at a distance and thats okay Satan is a little stunned by this answer and decides to have the poor man dragged away by demons to see if hot pokers can get a more sensible answer from him and he moves on to the gestalt therapist, standing over the man still sat on the ground. Once again he speaks in his booming voice Welcome to hell mortal. How does it feel to know you are now a slave in my kingdom for all eternity? The gestalt counsellor seems to be deep in thought for a moment and then begins to speak I have a strong awareness of something in my lungs and Im not sure where thats coming from. It may be the toxic fumes or perhaps some unfinished business being triggered from my relationship with my father And of course there a really warm sensation in my ass and thats really interesting because. Satan cuts off this rambling speech and signals for the demons to drag him away too with a wave of his hand, a weary sigh and an exasperated look. Finally he moves on the CBT practitioner and stands over him and trying to look as scary as he can. Again he asks Welcome to hell mortal. How does it feel to know you are now a slave in my kingdom for all eternity? The CBT practitioner knows that it doesnt matter what happens to him, its all about how he reacts to things. He may have died, awoken in hell and seen his two friends dragged away by demons but so long as he can maintain positive thoughts then not even these things can upset him. He looks up at the intimidating figure before him and simply replies, Oh its fine. Im not really here   What's the difference between sarcasm and lying? I don't know, I'm just the president.   Son: Dad, I have a question regarding sex with my underage girlfriend. Father: Yes? Son: Could you stop doing that?   They should make birth control for men Because it makes more sense to fire blanks than shoot at a bulletproof vest. Recent discoveries will make this joke obsolete, thought I'd give it one more run.   People say that counting sheep jumping over a fence makes you to to sleep. However, Donkeys are much more effective... You're completely out as soon as your ass leaps.   They say you're attracted to people that look like you. That explains why I like women with big breasts.   I invited the girl I'm dating over for dinner. While we were all sat at the table, there was complete silence. It made me feel very uncomfortable. I said, "Why does it feel like there's an elephant in the room?" "Because there is," said my dad, looking at the girl.   I don't have OCD... I know because I've checked 300 times   I wish life was like a hairstyle So you could just cut it off and get a new one   What do you call a Scotsman who works in a cloakroom? Angus McCoatup   A Matchmaker walks into a bar... They see 5 people in there, 2 pair of couples and a stag. One of the couple is a Gothic couple and a Nerdy Couple. The Matchmaker talks to the Gothic couple and says to the couple "You're gonna laid tonight." The Gothic couple replies "How would you know that?" The Matchmakers states that its because they feel that are emotionally strong for each other. The Matchmaker then goes to the nerdy couple and says "You're gonna get laid tonight." The nerdy couple ask "Why?" The Matchmaker says its because they are mentally strong for each other. Finally the Matchmaker goes to the stag and says "You're gonna get laid tonight." The man replies "Really? How do you know?" The matchmaker replies "Because I am physically stronger than you."   Why did God create vaginal mycose? So women too can know what it is to live with an irritated cunt.   A women got a wooden breast implant yesterday.... it would be a funny joke if this had a punch line... Wooden tit   How does a farmer count his cows? With a COWculator... But, what if they all have babies? Then he MOOtiplies them! Man, I'm really milking these puns for more than they're worth...   When I first got my licence my mother always told me... "It's not you I'm worried about, it's the other guys." Which is wrong.... Guys aren't the only problem. pulls down visor mirror and applies eyeshadow, and lipstick while simultaneously posting to snapchat.   My new personal trainer encouraged me to do do fifteen push-ups every commercial break on TV Man... I love Netflix!   Apple likes to leave things out of their products. The phone I bough from them doesn't have a headphone jack... and the car I bought from them doesn't have windows.   Peanut butter was driving his toast when suddenly... ..there was a jam   What tastes good on pizza but not on pussy? Crust   Did you hear about that female celebrity who was murdered? Me: Who was it? Dad: I think her first name was Reese Me: Witherspoon? Dad: No it was with a knife   A man named Rob got his identity stolen. I guess you could say he got... robbed   I just got done doing squats and I gotta say... It's a huge weight off my shoulders   What did the goose say when he found out about flying south? Wanna hear migrate idea?   Did you hear about the midget clairvoyant who escaped from prison the other day? Police are looking for a small medium at large.   Set a fire for a man, And you'll keep him warm for a night. Set a man on fire, and you keep him warm for the rest of his life.   How many cops does it take to screw in a lightbulb Just one, unless it's a black light.   do androids dream of electric sheep? Not unless they're Welsh   After a lengthy debate, congress finally passed a law banning pedophiles from children's shoe stores. It was No Minor Feet.   Where does a redditor drown? In the sea of reposts.   The Lawyer and the Engineer A lawyer and an engineer are sitting next to each other on a long flight from LA to NY. The lawyer leans over to him and asks if he would like to play a fun game. The engineer just wants to take a nap, so he politely declines and rolls over to the window to catch a few winks. The lawyer persists and explains that the game is really easy and a lot of fun. He explains "I ask you a question, and if you don't know the answer, you pay me 5, and visa-versa." Again, he politely declines and tries to get some sleep. The lawyer, now some what agitated, says, "Okay, if you don't know the answer you pay me 5, and if I don't know the answer, I will pay you 50!" figuring that he will easily win the match. This catches the engineer's attention and, figuring that there will be no end to this torment unless he plays, agrees to the game. The lawyer asks the first question. "What's the distance from the earth to the moon?" The engineer doesn't say a word, reaches in to his pocket, pulls out a 5 bill and hands it to the lawyer. Now, it's the engineer's turn. He asks the lawyer: "What goes up a hill with three legs, and comes down with four?" The lawyer looks at him with a puzzled look. He takes out his laptop computer and searches all his references. He taps into the Airphone with his modem and searches the Net and the Library of Congress. Frustrated, he sends e-mails to all his coworkers and friends. All to no avail. After over an hour, he wakes the engineer and hands him 50. The engineer politely takes the 50 and turns away to get back to sleep. The lawyer, who is more than a little miffed, wakes the engineer and asks, "Well, so what IS the answer!?" Without a word, the engineer reaches into his pocket, hands the lawyer 5, and goes back to sleep   What does Batman take with his alcohol? Just ice   Ooly Booly A young man is flying over the oceans with a small plane, until suddenly his engine fails. There is no way for him to stear back to the mainland and so he crashes on a small unknown island. He managed to survive the crash and decides to walk around in the forest to look for food. After some time in the forest, SNAP, he activates a trap and is now hanging upside down in a tree. A small group of tribe members cut him down and take him to the tribe leader that only speaks the sentence "Ooly Booly, or chop your head", without a single doubt the young man yells "please Ooly Booly" and gets mounted from behind by one of the tribe members. With slight pain and a lot of regret he is released in the forest. Completely dissorrientated he runs away in a random direction and again, SNAP he is hanging upside down. Dragged in front of the chief he hears again "Ooly Booly, or chop your head". But this time there is 3 natives standing next to the chieften licking their tongues. Knowing what is about to happen but no other acceptable option he says "Ooly Booly" and turn for turn the 3 tribe members have a go at him. Hardly able to walk and completely humiliated he pushes himself through to forest trying to avoid any traps. Seeing the sea come closer, he feels that this time he will make it, but.. SNAP, again upside down. This time hearing the words "Ooly Booly or chop your head" and seeing a group of 10 natives licking their tongues, he knows he is done for. So he gathers enough courage to mumble the words "chop my head" to which the chief replays "sure.. but first Ooly Booly!"   The Godfather and his Attorney The Godfather, accompanied by his attorney, walks into a room to meet with his accountant. The Godfather asks the accountant, "Where's the three million bucks you embezzled from me?" The accountant doesn't answer. The Godfather asks again, "Where's the three million bucks you embezzled from me?" The attorney interrupts, "Sir, the man is a deaf-mute and cannot understand you, but I can interpret for you." The Godfather says, "Well, ask him where the ! money is." The attorney, using sign language, asks the accountant where the three million dollars is. The accountant signs back, "I don't know what you're talking about." The attorney interprets to the Godfather, "He doesn't know what you're talking about." The Godfather pulls out a pistol, puts it to the temple of the accountant, cocks the trigger and says, "Ask him again where the ! money is!" The attorney signs to the accountant, "He wants to know where it is!" The accountant signs back, "Okay! Okay! The money's hidden in a suitcase behind the shed in my backyard!" The Godfather says, "Well, what did he say?" The attorney interprets to the Godfather, "He says that you don't have the guts to pull the trigger."   The Greatest Pig... A man was visiting his worldly uncle on his farm, when a pig in a wheeled cart trotted past him, missing its two hind legs. He leaned over to his uncle and asked "Uncle, what happened to that pig in the wheelchair?" The uncle takes a deep draw of his pipe and points to the pig. "I owe that pig my life, my wealth and the love of my beloved wife." "All that?" "I reckon, yes. See, years ago when I got the pig, I was planning to roast it whole. But, I got a little drunk and fell asleep, bout that time a wire went bad in the walls and the house caught fire! That pig though, it was so damn smart it managed to drag me to safety until help arrived." "That's incredible!" "A few days later, I was still trying to recover my belongings from the fire when the pig nosed up an old chest that'd been hidden under my floorboards! Wouldn't you know it, the thing was un-liftably filled with silver treasures. I had it all into a vault in the bank within the day and never needed to worry on expenses ever again." "The blind luck!" "Oh yes, but see, while I was busy counting those many silver pieces, a single gold ring tumbled out of the pile and the pig picked it up with it's teeth and took off running down the street! I had to run to catch up with it for several blocks, I finally caught up and kneeled down to fetch the ring from it's mouth when I looked up and saw the most gorgeous woman I'd ever seen. She thought I was proposing! We had a grand laugh about it over lunch, and almost a month later I proposed to her for real, with that very ring. Yes sir, that pig has been my most loyal companion for years now." "This is all so overwhelming, all this from a pig with just two legs?" "Oh, no, it had more, just didn't seem right to eat it all at once."   Reasonable Doubt A defendant was on trial for murder. There was strong evidence indicating guilt, but there was no corpse. In the defenses closing statement the lawyer, knowing that his client would probably be convicted, resorted to a trick. "Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I have a surprise for you all," the lawyer said as he looked at his watch. "Within one minute, the person presumed dead in this case will walk into this courtroom." He looked toward the courtroom door. The jurors, somewhat stunned, all looked on eagerly. A minute passed. Nothing happened. Finally the lawyer said, "Actually, I made up the previous statement. But you all looked on with anticipation. I, therefore, put it to you that there is reasonable doubt in this case as to whether anyone was killed and insist that you return a verdict of not guilty." The jury, clearly confused, retired to deliberate. A few minutes later, the jury returned and pronounced a verdict of guilty. "But how?" inquired the lawyer. "You must have had some doubt; I saw all of you stare at the door. The jury foreman answered: "Oh, we looked. But your client didnt."   Give a man a fish and he'll eat for a day. Give a fish a man and he'll eat for a year.   My Iraqi friend found a silver lining on the Muslim travel ban My Iraqi friend found a silver lining on the Muslim travel ban. He said "at least my mother-in-law can't come and visit." Well, at least he found something to laugh about XD   What do Irish plumbers earn for overtime? Time an' a Turd.   An Irishman walks into a bar... Just kidding he was born there and never left   My apologies. Two punjabi neighbours are arguing over whose fence is better. One says, "Your fence isn't even waterproof. You didn't picket correctly". The other slaps the first. Enraged the first shouts, "How dare you. What gave you the right to slap me." The second neighbour replies, "It's not my right, it's my state. It's my Pun-job".   I was in a bar yesterday... when suddenly realised i needed to fart. The music was really loud, so i timed my farts with the beat of the music. After a couple of songs, i started to feel better. I finished my beer and noticed that many people were staring at me. I Then suddenly remembered i had been listening to my iPod   Is this the bus for dyslexic kids? Oops, wrong sub.   I'm gonna tell you an oxygen and potassium joke, OK?   A man walks down the street wearing a pineapple on his head Another man noticing him and asks: "Umm, sir? Do you realize you have a pineapple on your head?" "Well... yeah", he says. -"But... why?" -"Dude! I wears pineapple on my head every Tuesday!" -"But... today is Wednesday..." The man quickly removes the pineapple from his head and yells: "Oh god, i feel so stupid!"   Why did the mortician cross the road? To get to the other suicide   A woman gives birth to twins An old fisherman and his wife settle down and decide to have some kids. The wife ends up giving birth to twins, both boys. Eventually as the babies grow the couple notice that the two never face the same way. Wherever one of them looks the other is always facing the opposite direction, no matter what they do. The couple decide to name them Toward and Away. The kids grow and have a happy childhood despite this strange behavior and when they turn 10 years old their father decides he wants to teach them to learn how to be fishermen like him. He teaches them all the tools of the trade, the right knots to tie, the proper way to care for the equipment, how to steer the boat and catch the wind in the sails, and all the other ins and outs of the trade. One day the three head out on a fishing trip together. The mother kisses them goodbye, wishes them well, and watches as they sail off. Three week.s go by before the father, and only the father, returns, looking haggard and gaunt. "What on Earth happened?!" exclaims the wife upon his return. "You were gone for so long that I had almost given up hope. Where are our sons?" "My dear," says the man, "I'm afraid they are dead. I only barely survived myself." "What happened to you?" asks the wife. "Well, the day we set sail we found a great school of fish and were catching many large fish to bring home. Suddenly an enormous fish, bigger than the boat, lept out of the water and capsized us with the wave that came from it. We were flung into the water where we clung to driftwood to stay afloat. As we tried to get back together the fish breached again, swallowing Toward in its great jaws." "Oh, my, that's terrible!" "It is, but you should have seen the one that got Away!"   Why did the robot kill someone with its empty battery? So it would get charged with murder.   The English Teacher in India Teacher: Tell me a sentence that starts with an "I". Student: I is the.... Teacher: Stop! Never put 'is' after an "I". Always put 'am' after an "I". Student: OK. I am the ninth letter of the alphabet.   What Did The Orange Say To The Apple Are you really that stupid? Oranges can't talk.   What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with boobs? One is a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean.   Why is your nose in the middle of your face? Because it is the scenter!   Wanna know how to brighten the day of everyone on Earth? A few dozen strategically placed warheads should do the trick.   A poem. I am a little girl, I have a little thing That when I go to bed, I put my finger in. Now I'm much older, My thing had lost its charm And now it takes 5 fingers, And half my fucking arm.   So I bought a new chair today Guess you can say I'm SATisfied.   What went through Hitler's mind before he died? "If I wasn't so distracted by taking over the world I could have killed so many more jews."   What do you call the Pope when he is sleepwalking? A Roamin' Catholic.   Two couples are playing cards at the table, and someone accidentally knocks them to the floor.. Two couples are playing cards at the table, and someone accidentally knocks them to the floor. One of the men goes under the table to pick up the cards, and as he looks up he can see up his friend's wife's dress and that she isn't wearing any underwear. Blushing coming up from the table, he sets the cards down and they continue to play. A little while later while going to get a drink from the fridge, the other wife approaches him and asks, "When you were looking for the cards, did you find anything to your liking?" Awkwardly, he replies, "Actually yes, I did." "If you'd like some more, show up tomorrow at 1 pm and bring 100. You can like it a little more then.", she whispers to him. He kindly agrees and the next day he shows up at 1 pm with 100. He hands her the money and they proceed to have at each other, in every conceivable way, for several hours. After the deed is done, he leaves the house. Holding the money in her hand, the phone rings 10 minutes later. It's her husband, "Hey, did Mike come by today at around 1 pm?" Ashamed and a little frightened, she says, "Uh, yes he did." "Did he happen to give you 100?", he replies promptly. Her heart sinks, "Y-y-yes, he did." "Ah, ok. Good. He came by earlier and asked to borrow 100. He said he'd drop it off at the house today at 1 pm"   3 drunk guys enter a taxi 3 drunk guys enter a taxi. The taxi driver knew that they were drunk, so he starts the engine and turns it off again. Then said, "we have reached your destination". The 1st guy gives him the money and the 2nd guy says "Thank you". The 3rd guy slaps the driver. The driver is shocked, thinking the 3rd drunkard knew what he did. But then he asks "what was that for?" The 3rd guy replies, " Control your speed next time, you nearly killed us!   What is the best method of transportation for Jews? A dustpan   What do you get when you crossbreed a Chihuahua with a German Shepherd? A que-nein.   I told my husband there are 100 days until our baby's delivery He said "That's a really long time. You should really use Prime next time".   I hate German chefs They're suck kochs.   What is the sound of one hand clapping? Amputees anonymous   Pun competition One day, a man was sitting at home with a beer in hand when he read about a pun competition being held downtown. He got up early the next morning and came up with the best puns he had ever seen, and entered his 10 best puns hoping he would win, but unfortunately no pun in 10 did.   What's Donald Trumps favorite kind of dog? a BORDER collie!   Whats the difference between ET and an illegal alien? ET learned English and wanted to go home.   My girlfriend has a lot of trust issues. Well, one of them does.   One night, a man walks into a bar looking sad... The bartender asks the man what he wants. The man says, Oh, just a beer." The bartender asked the man, What's wrong, why are you so down today? The man said, My wife and I got into a fight and she said she wouldn't talk to me for a month. The bartender said, So what's wrong with that? The man said, Well, the month is up tonight.   What do you call Arab porn? XXXPlosive   Why couldn't the japanese police catch the black man? because he nigeru   A radio station in Ireland is taking calls to find a word that is commonly used but isn't in the dictionary yet... The first caller gets through. "Hello! What word do you think should be in the dictionary?" "Goan!" "Goan? Can you use it in a sentence?" "Yeah, go'an fuck yerself!" The caller then begins laughing until the station can cut off his call. After several more calls they get another man, "And what's your word sir?" "Smee!" "Can you use it in a sentence?" "Aye! S'mee again! Go'an fuck yerself!"   Girls call me shortcut My penis is circumcised and 3 inches long   Where does Phil Collins record his songs? In a stu-stu-studio.   Cancer runs in my family. July was a very popular month to have babies.   February 10th should be National Fart Day. Because it's 210.   What's the Difference between Marlin the Fish and Walter White? One's finding Nemo the other one is funding Chemo!   A priest has diarrhea Holy shit!!!!   How many freudians does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Two. One to screw in the lightbulb and another to hold the peni... LADDER!   Donald Trump uses a special steroid to stay ahead in the game. Orange juice.   What do you call a teenage Hitler Zitler   So a man walks into a bar... ... and he goes straight to the bartender. He orders a grasshopper and a screwdriver, and pays with a 100 bill. The bartender, not thinking much of it, simply gives the man his drinks and his change. The man then drinks both of the beverages. The man then spots a good friend across the bar, and notices that his friend is with a woman that looked nothing like the friend's wife. The man confronts his friend when he is alone, and the friend says "Actually, that's my sister. She's visiting town from Pittsburgh." The friend then pulls out his phone and proves this with some family photos and their last few text conversations. The man, realizing he misunderstood the situation, apologizes to his friend and his sibling and walks out of the bar, wishing both of them a good night. The man walks down the street when he watches two people dressed as apes, three women dressed as clowns, and two kids in a tandem horse costume. The man knows it is Halloween, so this succession of people doesn't phase him or anyone else on the sidewalk. The man reaches his house and, noting that the lights are off, quietly unlocks the door so as to not wake up his sleeping wife. He slowly tiptoes his way up the stairs when he misses a step and stumbles down three stairs. This wakes up his wife, and she walks out of their bedroom and says "Are you okay sweetie?" "Yeah," the man says, "I just stumbled a bit. Sorry I'm late, I ran across Jim at the bar and we had a chat." "It's alright, honey. Just get to bed soon, okay? I need you to get Billy to his friend's birthday party tomorrow." "Okay, sweetest." Said the man. He doesn't really want to do it, since it means he has to talk with the other kids' parents while he's there, and the man isn't very good at small talk. But he loves his son, so he will do it anyway. The man undresses and lays down on the bed, content with the day he had.   What's the first thing Eskimos teach their kids? Don't eat yellow snow.   My stomach hasn't felt well all day, I'm like a bartender during an earthquake... I'm having trouble controlling my stools.   If a girl sleeps with 100 guys she gets called a slut. What do you call a guy who does the same thing? A homosexual.   Boyfriend suggesting For Prisma Girl Friend, i am not able to install prisma app in my mobile. Boyfriend: Check your phone storage is full. Girl Friend: Hhmm, is there any alternative of this app? Boy Friend: Yes, Take Selfie Without Make up   My phone fell from the 20th floor, good thing it was in airplane mode.   When life gives you lemons... why do you use a bra?   Napping at work Sometimes, when I'm sure people can only see the back of my head, I enjoy sneaking in a quick catnap at work. They never last too long though, invariably someone rings the bell telling me they want to get off my bus.   Two vampire bats were hanging arround Suddenlly the first one states: "I'm hungry, I'm going to grab a bite to eat" and he flies off. Half an hour later he returns with a huge smile on his face and blood on his chin. The other bat asks: "Did you get your fill?" "Oh boy did i ever. Do you see that red roofed barn way over there?" "Ahha" "Well beyond that barn there is a huge herde of cows... an all you can eat bufette" So the second bat gets excited and flies off. 45 minutes latter he returnes with a gloom expression and a face full of blood. "Do you see that big church tower over there?" He asks his friend. "Yeah, I see it" "Well I sure as hell didn't"   A demolition expert goes on stage during open mic night... He proceeds to bring the house down.   I'm sorry I said "nice phone" When you showed me a picture of your baby..   Two old timers were playing chess in the park. The first one says: "know what I did yesterday? I went to the girls..." "At your old age?" Says the second one as he cuts him off. "How was it?" He asks in anticipation "Much nicer than the boys" Edit: dunno if this translates well enough   A redhead walks into the Dr. Office..... She sits down on the examining table and tells the Doctor "I think I am going to die. I hurt all over. I touch my arm and it hurts, I my head and it hurts. I touch my abdomen and it hurts." The doctor looks at her and says, "Let me guess that you are naturally blonde." "Why yes, How did you guess?" "Because you have a broken finger."   A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are stranded on an island... The island is 10 miles from shore and without any other possible way to leave, the woman decide swimming is the only way off. The redhead goes first, she manages to make it 3 miles before she gets tired and drowns. The brunette then goes after, she makes it farther than the redhead but still finds herself tired and drowns five miles away from shore. Finally, it's the blonde's turn. She makes it five miles before feeling and tired and swims back to the island.   How do you destroy a feminist in a debate? You ask "what rights do men have that women don't?"   How do you tell apart the voices in Donald Trump's head from the voices in Steve Bannon's? Trump's voices mumble praise of himself, Bannon's shriek racial epithets, and both are silent when Russia Telecom has an outage.   We should make all vehicles be driven by Stormtroopers They never hit anything so there would be no accidents.   My girlfriend slept over last night and asked to use my shower this morning... "You can use any soap or shampoo that's in the shower. I set a clean towel on the counter for you and pushed the stool under the sink so you won't trip over it." She replied, "I'd prefer it if you flushed any stool down the toilet, but as long as I don't trip on it I guess we're okay."   A memorable first time One day a father tells his son "You're 18 now, and I think it's time you learned about the birds and the bees, so take this duck and go over to this brothel and see what you can do." Slightly confused, the son heads over to the brothel with the duck and meets with one of the women there. The son explained the situation to the lady and told her that even though he has no money, he does have this duck. The woman thinks for a while, and decides to take the duck as payment since she knew a guy that could help her prepare the duck so that she could cook it for dinner. So after they have sex, the woman is flabbergasted at just how magnificent the son was in bed. She even offered him a freebie but being the polite guy that he is, he refused. So the woman, desperate for another round, offered the duck back as payment, the son agrees and so they have sex again. Later, the son leaves the brothel with the duck. On their way back home a truck appears, seemingly out of nowhere, and hits the duck, killing it. Feeling bad, the driver offers to pay the son for the duck. Not knowing how much it was worth the son settles for 20. The driver happily obliges, pays him the 20, and they both go on their ways. Finally the son gets home when his dad asks him "So son, how was it?" The son replies "I dunno dad, you tell me." "Ok, so tell me what happened" replied the dad. The son replied "Well dad, I got a fuck for a duck, a duck for a fuck, and 20 bucks for a fucked up duck."   Itching penis I went to a urologist because the head of my penis was itching. He told me I had an infection and that I should soak my penis in alcohol. The itching has stopped but now my Jack Daniels tastes funny.   I can't tell whether my new car's suspension is amazing, or if I'm a sociopath Either way when I ran over that pedestrian I didn't feel a thing.   Why did Vegeta name his son Trunks? ...find out on the next episode of Dragon Ball Z   Americans make the best jokes... Sorry I meant President.   Have y'all heard of the cow that produces milk that taste like that stuff of myths? It's legen-dairy   I was recently diagnosed with Alzheimer's and Cancer The cancer sucks, but at least I don't have Alzheimer's! Wait No I do I can feel the edges of my mind unraveling; each piece, once so firmly put together, slowly falling away from my grasp. To know that the mind, the seat of who you are, can simply... disintegrate, like a mighty sandcastle in the tide... Well, at least I don't have cancer.   Why do brides traditionally wear white? So they match the stove, the fridge and the dishwasher.   What's an amnesiac's favorite cheese? Camembert   short what is Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1   Ice Cream Why did the little boy drop his ice cream? He got hit by a bus.   I was told that the friendship between sodium, potassium, and oxygen was bad. I said, "Na. Pretty sure it is OK." EDIT: Should have switched potassium and oxygen around. Dang it...   I don't really like food from Spain much but... To chicharrn I guess   Two cows are standing in a field in Canada in the year 2003. One cow turns to the other and says, "we gotta watch out. I hear mad cow disease has been spreading through the herd." The other cow looks towards him and says, "what are telling me for? I'm not a cow, I'm a duck!"   Organic chemistry is difficult Those who study it have alkynes of trouble.   I faked my death, but hardly anyone attended my funeral Apparently I faked it really badly   Why did Snoop Dogg bust out an umbrella? Fo drizzle   Courtroom antics. Whats the best thing about being the smartest person in a courtroom? Knowing they'll never find the bodies.   What's the difference between your penis and your tax return? She'll blow your tax return   The wife and I have recently been blessed with the pitter patter of tiny feet around our house. I hired a midget butler.   Why can't Hindi people fight with each other? Because they can't have beef!   Who is Wolverine's favorite author? Lemony Snikt (I'm sorry...)   A chicken goes into the library. A chicken goes into the library, walks up to the librarian, and says, "Book." The librarian says, "You want a book?" "Book" "Any book?" "Book" So the librarian gives the chicken a novel and off it goes. An hour later, the chicken come back and says, "Book-book." The librarian says, "Now you want two books?" "Book-book." So she give a chicken two more novels. The chicken leaves but again comeback an hour later. "Book-book-book." "Three books?" "Book-book-book." So the librarian gives the chicken three books, but she decides she'll follow the chicken and finds out what is going on? And the chicken crosses the road, goes down the alley, out of town and towards the woods, into the woods and down to the river, down to the swamp, and there is a bull frog. The chicken sets the books down by him. The bullfrog looks at the books and says, "Reddit...Reddit...Reddit..."   What do you call a Jewish man with heartburn? An acidic Jew.   Are you sitting on the F5 key? Because dat ass is so refreshing!   Rainn Wilson to star in the next Harry Potter spin off! Fantastic Beets And Where To Find Them   I only lie to people I don't like. Don't worry, I like you.   Why did Eminem only have one biological kid? He only had one shot   Click here to see a pun ctuation mark.   A Teacher asks the students.. "Is it possible to insert 2 holes through one hole?" Nobody is able to answer Teacher: "You guys are so stupid. Go and ask your parents and come back tomorrow with an answer." The next day too, nobody is able to answer the question. Teacher: "Well, it seems your parents are stupid as well. See the answer is so simple." Then the teacher makes a circle using his thumb and index finger and keeps it in front of his nostrils. Teacher: "See, it was so simple, yet nobody was able to answer." The next day, a student comes up to the teacher and says, "Sir, my father has asked if it's possible to insert 7 holes through one hole?" Teacher: "No, that's impossible." Students: "It is possible, my father said." Teacher : "How?" Student: "Take a flute and shove it up your ass."   My friend didn't get my RAM joke. DIMM wit.   I like my violence like I like I beer... ... domestic   A bear is chasing a rabbit They make so much noise a genie pops up, "If you two stop making so much noise and let me go back to sleep I will grant you two wishes each" They agree and the beat goes first : "I want a big dick." Poof Done The rabbit thinks about for a while and says: "I want a motorcycle." PoofDone Bear says: "I want all the bears in the world to be female and always in heat." PoofDone Rabbit gets on his motorcycle and points at the bear: "I want that bear to be gay." WROOOOM Edit spelling.   I have a pen, I have an apple, uh! iStylus   I only date black girls So I don't have to meet their fathers   What makes an ISIS joke funny? The execution.   My wife and I were happy for 25 years. Then we got married.   I redid my entire house with mirrors... You could say it really reflects who I am.   What do you call a lying bunny? A haretic   How do you call a Medieval midi music? Midival! Ha! Get it?   Load of animals in the back of a lorry.. The cow says "mooooooooove over" The chicken says "fkaaaf"   My mom and my girlfriend don't get along. (NSFW?) My mom always blows me off. My girlfriend thinks she's getting replaced.   A sandwich walks into a bar and asks for a beer. The bartender takes one look at him and says, "We don't serve food here."   I was going to build a bridge for karma but I got over it.   Did you see the fight between the walnut and the pecan? It was nuts.   Life is a bit like my dick... It's long and hard.   I know a youtuber name SoWTF... He is sooo what the fuck.   My Journey from 60k College Debt to 115k Net Worth 816 Credit Score. And all thanks to this community! I started stand up and got beat up. Settlement has been a blessing!   Why did Bach have 20 children? His organ didn't have any stops.   My Dicks Nickname is Bing Because noone ever uses it.   What do electricians say while they meditate? Ohmmmm...   What does the inappropriate strip club patron say when he finally admits he has a problem? I come here too often   I feel like most jokes about communism are pretty low effort But at least everyone gets them   A Font Designer and a Police Officer Walk Into a Bar... The font designer leaves sans sheriff.   The Bacon Tree Two Mexicans are stuck in the desert after crossing into the United States , wandering aimlessly and starving. They are about to just lie down and wait for death, when all of a sudden Luis says: "Hey Pepe, do you smell what I smell. Ees bacon, I theenk." "Is, Luis, eet sure smell like bacon." With renewed hope, they struggle up the next sand dune, there, in the distance, is a tree loaded with bacon. There's raw bacon, there's fried bacon, back bacon, double smoked bacon, every imaginable kind of cured pork. "Pepe, Pepe, we ees saved! Ees a bacon tree!" "Luis, maybe ees a meerage? We ees in the desert don't forget." "Pepe, since when deed you ever hear of a meerage that smell like bacon? Ees no meerage, ees a bacon tree!" With that, Luis staggers towards the tree. He gets to within 5 yards, Pepe crawling close behind, when suddenly a machine gun opens up, and Luis drops like a wet sock. Mortally wounded, he warns Pepe with his dying breath: "Pepe, go back man, you was right, ees not a bacon tree!" "Luis, Luis miamigo, what ees it?" "Pepe ees not a bacon tree. Ees... Ees... Ees... Ees... Ees... Ees... Ees... a ham bush."   Why do stoners make lousy poker players? Because they keep smoking the pot.   Friends, DON'T SHAVE YOUR ASS-HAIR! I have recently made a mistake in my life, and I offer my story to you, that you may learn from my error. It all started, as many things do, with me having trouble shitting. No, I was not constipated; this was not a regularity problem but a matter of technique. It seems my ass-hair had grown to such a length that tiny grogans (look it up) were constantly getting tied up in the matted jungle between my asscheeks. It led to much frustration, with me KNOWING that I still had something to drop, but unable to shake the tenacious turd loose from its butthair dwelling. Eventually I would have to do two things: either reach down with some paper and try to pinch off the lingering loaf (which required careful precision to avoid smearing the creature all over my rear, especially since I had no way of seeing what I was doing) or just go for broke, start wiping, and hope that I could remove all the leftover fecal matter before the toilet paper reached its Can't-Be-Flushed threshold. I was contemplating this problem, when I had what seemed at the time to be a bright idea. "Hey! This is my butt and my butt-hair, right? So why don't I just eliminate all the hair, and then my grogans will flow out like beer from a keg!" I said to myself. It is a statement that will go down in history with a lot of other regretted statements. "How many Indians could there be?" said by General Custer. "Looks like a good day for a drive!" by JFK. "There! America On-Line now has complete Usenet access!" by some idiot system tech. Such was my anal shaving idea. I performed the operation that night, with a cheap disposable razor and a towel to sit on. Starting from the bottom, and shaving from the crack to the cheeks, I began the arduous process of ridding my ass of hair. Occassionally, I would have to clean the razor of accumulated hair and miscellaneous slime, which I did by wiping it on the towel. Slowly, my twin mounds and the between-ravine began to resemble the hairless cheeks of a newborn baby. Finally, I wiped the razor one last time, and surveyed my work. The towel was covered with a pile of hair. My ass was smooth as ivory. I smiled, satisfied, thinking my troubles were over. Little did I know. I now have a great respect for anal-hair. Like everything in this world God created, it has its mighty purpose in existence. It was only after I had removed it that I started to learn how much I had been taking it for granted. For one, it provides friction. I learned this the next day, when I walked out into the sun heading for class. After climbing two flights of stairs and starting to sweat, I started to notice something unpleasant. The sweat was accumulating in my crack, and was causing the unpleasant sensation of my two asscheeks sliding past each other with every step. I thought about going to the bathroom and wiping it off, but had to get to class. Eventually, I thought, it would dry. Unfortunately, it did dry, but only after mingling with the microscopic shit-molecules lingering around my brown starfish. When I stood up after class, my cheeks were stuck together with a slimy sticky shitsweat combination. As I made my way back to my dorm, it started to itch. God-DAMN, did it itch! Felt like a swarm of ants was making its way up and down my crack. Fighting to keep from jamming my hand down there and scratching away, I rushed back to the dorm. Unfortunately again, this exertion caused me to sweat, and when I finally reached my room, my cheeks were sliding back and forth against each other like a pair of horny cane-toads. I quickly dropped my pants, and attempted to dry my ass off by sticking it in front of a fan and spreading my cheeks. As I pulled the two mounds of flesh apart, a horrible stench burst free and filled the room. Every dog within a 4 block radius started to howl. I had it worst of all, as the ripe aroma of festering shitsweat went into the fan and blew back into my face. I fought to keep from heaving. And as I sat there, fighting vomit, my ass cheeks spread and dripping, with the concentrated aroma of my body odor mixed with the tangy smell of my own shit blowing right into my face, I had only one thought: "It will be like this until the hair grows back. Weeks." Later on, trying to deal as best I could, wiping my ass at every opportunity, I discovered another wonderful use for ass-hair - ventilation. I attempted to launch a fart, only to have it get stuck between my asscheeks. Apparently, with no hair, the two pink twins can get vacuum sealed together, and the result was a frustrating fart that slid up and down between my cheeks like a lost gerbil. As if that wasn't enough, I am now enduring further torture. As anyone who has ever shaved anything knows, when hair is first growing in, it comes in as stubble. Imagine your ass having the texture of a brillo pad. Well, that is what I am dealing with now. It is a hellish torture, and there are many times when I just look out the window and contemplate why I shouldn't just jump out and get it all over with in one fleshy splat, rather than endure this constant agony. Friends, DON'T SHAVE YOUR ASS-HAIR!   How do you drown a hipster? Throw them into the mainstream.   Why can't Stevie Wonder see his friends? He is busy making good music.   A impoverished brother and sister are trying to come up with ways to make a few extra bucks. The sister says "I'm going down to give blood. I hear they'll pay 20." "Wow," says brother, "I'm going to go donate sperm, I hear that pays 100." The sister angrily leaves the homeless shelter. The next day the brother seeing his sister leaving the homeless shelter he asks, "where are you headed to?" "Sperm bank," she says with her mouth full.   Why did the full chromosome human go to war He was diploid   A Chinaman in Paris picks up a girl and takes her to his hotel room. He opens the bedroom window and takes a deep breath. Then, they get into bed together and make love. After a while the Chinaman says, "Excuse me, I am a little tired." He gets out of the bed, goes over to the window, takes a deep breath. Then he rolls under the bed and comes out the other side. He jumps into bed and starts to make love again. After a while, he gets up saying, "Excuse me, I am a little tired." Again, he goes over to the window, and takes a deep breath, then he rolls under the bed and gets out the other side. He jumps back into bed and starts making love once more. When this has happened five times, the girl gets up saying, "Excuse me, I am a little tired, too." She goes over to the window, takes a deep breath of air, looks under the bed and finds four Chinamen there.   A Catholic Priest finds a job. Dave the Catholic Priest needed a part time job. His salary was still quite low and he needed to save up while on vacation. So he got in contact with Francis, the Bishop, to get help in spreading word around local businesses that Dave was a good, honest chap ready to undertake work. In no time at all Dave got a break- fast food. He showed up at 7 am for the first day. Jim, an old friend of Francis the Bishop, was sympathetic to Dave's cause and was happy in giving him a dozen hours a week. He was also aware of Dave's one flaw that Francis warned him about: Dave tended to daydream and become forgetful, aloof or even careless during monotonous tasks. This had led to him losing the Church keys on a few occasions. Leading Choir practice in the driving rain was not a pleasant experience. So Jim was on the lookout and intended to keep a keen eye on Dave's performance. "Dave mate. I haven't trained you in food safety yet. So for this week you're responsible for keeping the joint clean before, during, and after the chippy is open for service. Right. Any questions? Good man," So Dave was handed reign of all cleaning supplies and tasks. Days 1 and 2 went okay. Dave just about managed to prep the front of shop for the opening, though struggled keeping count of all the bits and bobs in inventory. Day 3 was a struggle. Dave, used to working in leisurely pace found wiping down tables and clearing trash in time quite taxing. More than once he left spray bottles around benches and behind doors. Customers were befuddled and Jim left frustrated at this incompetence. Jim stopped Dave on the morning of day 4. Trash was found under tables, counters left too greasy after ineffective wiping, and the supplies were whittled away almost to nothing but a sponge after Dave's mismanagement. "Jim, look I'm really sorry. But I'm getting the hang of this now! Please give me another role if you really don't me cleaning." So Jim complied. The next day Dave turned up at 6.30 am as per instruction. "Okay Dave. Fresh start. This job is a bit new and I'm sure you'll learn from it too. You need to collect the frozen supplies at the store. They've been paid for so don't worry. Just collect everything and race back in good time. If you know what I mean." Dave thought he knew exactly what Jim meant. "So long as I drive quickly, I can take the rest of the day off!" Two hours later on what should have been a 15 minute trip, Dave entered the premises with a dejected expression. Ten minutes later Jim also wore the same expression, albeit with a scowl and high blood pressure to match; Dave had struck a streetlamp, mounted the sidewalk and blown out a tire in the process because he thought Jim wanted him to race back. With the company car out of service Jim was strained to keep things operational. Dave was becoming a liability. To the sheepish priest he said, "Dave. Final chance. I hired you as a favor, not a burden. From tomorrow work in the back with Phil on food. He'll give you something to do." Dave nodded vigorously, "Thank you so much Jim! I swear to it- I won't be forgetful or careless. You can count on me!" "Yeah. Good. Just don't burn this place down." 6.30 am, the next day. Dozens of customers filed in and out every few hours, bellies filled, vinegary lips smacked. Jim didn't see much of Dave. Naturally he was quite nervous. No complaints over the phone for mixed up orders, or hair in the mayo, or dismembered digits in the salad. Maybe he should have put Dave there in the first place. The next day came and went. Another suspiciously uneventful day. Almost too quiet. "Don't fret too much", Jim thought to himself later on that Thursday evening. "Phil was happy with Dave's work and didn't mention any hiccups." A week passed in this way. Jim was in a good mood to say the least. Sales and profit had nearly increased by 500; customers were actually leaving feedback on their experience for the first time in months; The company car was back from repairs, costs much lower than anticipated; the takeaway was still not destroyed in a fire, and Phil reported no missing items or mishap in the kitchen. Even Dave was in a good mood, starting and leaving his shifts with a smile on his face and lively spring in his step, giving him an almost surreptitious look. It was nearing the end of Dave's vacation. Jim had just handed the last overtime paycheck to his star employee when he thought to ask something on his mind for a while now, "Dave, top job. You've done wonders to help this takeaway get back on its feet again. Everyone loves the food. Heck, even people from the next town over are calling in to order! So between us two men- how on earth do you cook so well? The battered fish is the talk of the town, so are the chicken wings- oh and the chips! They're so good they make you want to slap your mama! How have you done it!?" "It's nothing, really Jim!" "No, no! Please tell! You're one of us. Even if you're leaving, you can pop around to help any time you want at double your current wages. But please. How have you done it?" "It's simple, Jim," Dave said as he moved to lean forward, closing the gap between his boss. Involuntarily, an excited croak left Jim's throat. "Oh?" sweat beaded on his forehead. "Simple, Jim. I'm just a good friar."   How do you get gum out of your hair? Cancer.   Where do cousins come from? Aunt holes.   I call my wife Bambi too..... Because I don't want her shot. Just her mom.   I ate at a Vietnamese restaurant but I used a fork. I guess you could say I made a pho-pas.   Friend 1: Oi mate can I borrow your phone? Friend 2: Yeah sure, why'd you need it for? F1: Well mines busted and I just wanna call me mum. F2: Oh no problem mate here ya go, just hit redial.   A man from Wisconsin is travelling in Mexico... when he comes across a dairy farm. "Buenos noches, do you have any cheeze for sale?" "Buenos, nochez"   I am a legal resident of the United States and I have not paid my taxes for the last 15 years. AMA! Thank you for your time. Ask me anything. EDIT: Just a moment guys, someone is at my door.   An old woman walked into a sex toy shop... She wandered in the shop for a couple of minutes and finally she stopped and asked the vendor: How much is this one? He replied: Ma'am, that's a fire extinguisher.   What's black and slides down Nelson's Column? Winnie Mandela   Why did Trump stage a photo op of him winning a marathon against a bunch of traffic signs? To show that he was leading the poles   Milking Machine A farmer ordered a high-tech milking machine. Since the equipment arrived when his wife was out of town, he decided to test it on himself first. So, he inserted his "manhood" into the equipment, turned on the switch and everything else was automatic. Soon, he realised that the equipment provided him with much more pleasure than his wife ever had. When the fun was over, though, he quickly realised that he couldn't remove the instrument from his penis. He read the manual but didn't find any useful information on how to disengage himself. He tried every button on the instrument, but still without success. Finally, he decided to call the suppliers Customer Service Hot Line with his mobile.. "Hello, I just bought a milking machine from your company. It works fantastic, but how do I remove it from the cow's udder?" "Don't worry," replied the customer service rep, "The machine will release automatically once it's collected ten litres. Have a nice day."   Knock knock. Whos there? Smell mop. (finish this joke in your head)   I'm so ugly that when... ... I passed out at a frat party I woke up with more clothes on.   Give a man a jacket and he'll stay warm all winter Teach a man to jacket and he'll stay warm his whole life   Timing You know the most important part of telling a joke?   A young boy asks his dad what the difference between a fanny and a cunt is Thinking he's old enough to learn, he tells the boy 'i'll show you! ' He takes his son upstairs where his wife is sleeping in bed. He lifts the sheets and points to his wife's vagina and says ' you see that? That's a fanny' 'Oooh can i touch it?' Asks the kid. 'No!! You'll wake up the cunt! '   A farmer is milking his cow This is a translation of a Galician joke, feel free to correct any mistakeawkward phrasing A farmer is milking his cow, the cow whips him with her tail. -Fuckin' cow! The farmer keeps milking the cow, and the cow keeps whipping him. At the third whip, the farmer is really pissed with the cow, so he gets a stool, takes his belt off and ties the cow tail to the ceiling -Not so smart now, aren't you? His pants fall to the floor, and in that exact moment, his wife enters the cowhouse. Manolo! What the hell! -Look, if I tell you the truth you would not believe me anyway, so yea, I'm going to fuck this cow.   what happens when you take a joke too far? The 45th president of the United States   While examining me, my dentist asked me if i had recently performed oral sex Embarassed, i asked if i had a pube in my teeth. He said no..there's shit on your nose   Parental settings for my virgin wifi? Where are the parental settings for my virgin wifi?   Give a man a fish and he'll eat for a day. Give a man a poisoned fish, and he'll eat for a lifetime.   I've made this new photo app and it's a thousand times better than Instagram. It's called Instakilo   A Russian submarine A Russian submarine was sailing,and the captain felt a huge shake.Confused,he ran to Vladimir and asked him: "What was that,was it an earthquake or we hit something?",Vladimir said: "No Captain,Ivan's girlfriend ran with her lover to Venice", the captain even more confused says:Yeah,but what's the matter with that and the shake?Vladimir said:Well,there is no more Venice...   Valentine's Day Gift A young lady was caught napping one afternoon on Valentine's Day. She woke up when she heard the doorbell. "I just dreamed that you gave me a pearl necklace for Valentine's day," she said to her boyfriend. "What do you think it means?" "You'll know for sure tonight," he replied. That evening, the young man arrived with a small package and gave it to his girlfriend. Delighted, she opened it and found a book entitled "The meaning of dreams."   A guy walks into a restaurant orders a steamy soup After a while, the waiter comes back with the soup. The guy tastes the soup and frowns at the waiter. "Excuse me, i asked for a steamy soup, and that my friend, is not a steamy soup. The waiter apologizes and tells him that he'll take care of that. The waiter comes back with the soup. The bowl is now boiling hot, and he uses towels to grab it. The guy tastes the soup, spits it right out, and yelling at the waiter: "What is so difficult to understand?! I want a steamy soup! I don't want it hot, i want a STEAMY FUCKING SOUP!!! ... After being heated for a long time in the highest temperature possible, and cooked in a maximum heating stove, the steamy soup is finally ready. The waiter needs 5 towels on each side only to grab the bowl. The bowl is carried on a maximum heated plate. The whole restaurant becomes a sauna, and steams covers the entire place. The sweaty waiter serves the soup to the guy. The guys tastes the soup, and the waiter tensely looking at him. The guy thinks for a while and than saying: "now this is what i call a steamy soup! Thank you very much!" -"Your'e welcome!", says the waiter, and calmly returns to do his duties. After the guy finishes the soup, a man approaching to him and says: "Hey there, sorry to bother you, but i sat at the table over there and i couldn't help but looking at you! I have to ask you something! -"Sure!", says the guy. -"You are a pilot, right?" -"Well yeah! How did you know?!" -"I can tell by your uniform..."   My girlfriend said to me the other day, "Why did God give women periods with cramp pains, and men nothing?" I laughed and replied, "Don't be silly, he gave us women."   Went to Disneyland because my daughter is so obsessed with Mickey Mouse. She was so excited when I got home and told her.   What does Donald Trump use when his fax machine is broken? His alternative fax.   Apparently this was one of the jokes from East Germany before the fall of the Berlin Wall. A citizen orders a Trabant car. The salesman tells him to come back to pick it up in nine years. The customer asks: "Shall I come back in the morning or in the evening then?" "You're joking, aren't you?" "No, not at all. It's just that I need to know whether the plumber can come at 3pm or not." (Credit to anonymous)   What do you call an actor that gets employed by trump? Alec Baldwin   I used to think morning sex was the greatest thing ever... Until I started to share a cell with Bubba.   It's not that the Massacre at Bowling Green didn't happen... It was just an alternative event.   Why has there never been a coup dtat in america? Because there is no US-embassy in america. (from german tv-satire "Die Anstalt")   How did the composer find his buddy on social media? He checked his franz liszt   What organization is the best at curve fitting? INTERPOL   Donkey In A Bar This man walks into a bar and sees a donkey. He askes the bartender why is there a donkey in here the bartender says if you can make this donkey laugh I will give you ten thousand dollars. So the man whispers in the donkey's ear and the donkey started laughing. Then the bartender said if you can make the donkey cry I will give you ten thousand more dollars. So the man turns to an angle where only the donkey can see and the donkey started crying. The bartender couldn't believe it so he asked the man how did you make the donkey laugh then make the donkey cry? He said first I told the donkey my dick was bigger than his, than I showed him.   What do astronauts use to cook in space?? Marzipans!!   Strange Redneck Nick Name The redneck family down the street always called one of their boys Ant Eater and I could never figure out why. So one day they had a party and I was invited, so I stopped by and finally asked, "Where did Ant Eater get that nick name". With out a pause Ant Eaters brother said "Oh because he slept with our Aunt, and apparently he was good with his tongue. So we call him Aunt Eater!"   "Come forth and I shall grant you eternal life", said God unto John. But John came in fifth and won a toaster.   I'm a Muslim parent with an honor roll student! My kid is the bomb   Why did the cockroach break up with his mosquito girlfriend? He saw her sucking someone else.   Shall I compare thee to a summer's day? 'Cause girl you hot as fuck.   It's a Priests first day at a new church... and after Mass he sits down in the confession booth. He's nervous because this is his first time in confessional after seminary school and he isn't sure if he'll remember what to do. Someone walks in and sits down, and starts to confess. "Forgive me Father for I have sinned, it's been 2 weeks since my last confession." Father thinks for a second, and says, "Alright my son, you get 10 Hail Marys and you shall be forgiven" Second person comes in, sits down and starts to confess. "Forgive me Father for I have sinned. I slept with a woman who was not my wife." Father panics a little, settles down and starts to think. "Ah, yes! I give you 20 Our Fathers and you shall be forgiven my son." A third person comes in and sits down. "Forgive me father, but last night I got a blowjob." "Oh, no!" he though, "what do I do!" So Father quickly peeks outside and grabs an Alter Boy and says, "hey what do you get for a blowjob??" And the Alter Boy says, "well the old Priest used to give me a snickers"   Son asks for money A young jewish son asks his dad for 5 dollars. The dad responds shocked, "4 dollars? What do you need 3 dollars for?"   Donald Trump's cabinet is so dumb that I can get a better one at IKEA.   Could you imagine if someone pulled off Trump's hair piece? There would be hell toupee.   Words can't express how beautiful you are. But numbers can. 410   What's a Germans least favourite drink? Juice   There was a guy who was having chronic trouble getting an erection. After weeks of frustration, he finally decides he is going to go see a doctor. The doctor gives him a thorough examination and eventually makes the diagnosis. "Well, there's good news and there's bad news," she says. "The bad news is that the muscles around your penis are deteriorating, and there is no cure." The guy, on the verge of panic, finally regains his composure. "So what's the good news?" he asks. The doctor says, "There is an experimental treatment available, but there are no guarantees. It involves transplanting the muscles from a baby elephant's trunk into your penis. Would you like to try it?" The guy thinks about it and finally says, "Well, the thought of going through life without being able to have sex is just too much for me. What have I got to lose? Let's do it." So the doctor performs the operation. A few weeks later, the guy takes his girlfriend out to a nice restaurant to celebrate his new equipment. While sitting at the table, he feels a stirring between his legs; it gets progressively worse until it reaches a point of being painful. Seeking relief, he reaches down and unzips his fly to relieve some of the pressure. Suddenly, his penis leaps free from his pants, slides over the tabletop and grabs a dinner roll, then returns to his pants again. "Wow!" says his girlfriend stunned, "That was impressive! Can you do it again?" Eyes watering and face flushed, he says, "Probably... but I don't know if I can fit another dinner roll up my ass!"   Two hunters Two hunters are walking through the woods and having a great time. When all of the sudden one falls to the ground, eyes roll back in their head, and it not breathing. So the other friend calls 911, "Help my friend just died and I do not know what to do!?" The 911 operator says, "Well are you sure he is dead? Can you make sure he is dead?" The operator hears the phone being placed on the ground, and a shot go off. The operator hears the phone being picked back up and the hunter says "Well now what!?"   Mr and Mrs Grape had it all, almost... Mr and Mrs Grape had it all, almost. They had a great place on the vine, friends and enough Grape money in their savings. The only thing they wanted was a little grape to call their own. They tried and tried for weeks, making intimate grape love everynight with no success. One night they decided to take a break and go visit the circus that just pulled into the vineyard. The circus was amazing and they enjoyed a peaceful night not worrying about babies, as they were leaving they noticed a small tent off to the side and they entered it. An old wrinkly prune sat in front of a table and spoke to them "I know what you seek, a child to call your own, I can help you but it comes at a price." "Anything" Mrs Grape replied "we have money, antiques, anything!" "No, no, no, drink this potion, in 6 nights you will give birth. He will not be handsome, he will not be timid, if you can not love him, you will return to us and he will live here in the circus, yes?" The prune asked as she handed a small bottle to Mrs Grape. Knowing she would love him no matter what he was like, Mrs Grape drank the potion. True to the prunes word Mrs Grape fell pregnant, six nights later she gave birth, he was small, very dry, brown and shrivelled. Mr Mrs Grape tried to care for the little boy, they nurtured him, stayed awake with him, gave him everything they had but he never stopped crying and once he could move he never stopped trying to destroy their house. After several weeks they were exhausted. The little one never grew, he stayed dry, small and wrinkly, the stress was becoming too much. One day Mr Grape returned from work with a small cage, he convinced Mrs Grape they needed a nights sleep and to decide in the morning if they would return the child to the circus. They locked him in the cage and moved him to the furthest part of the vineyard. For the first time in weeks they held each other and slept. In the morning with a fresh outlook they knew something was not right with their child, they walked hand in hand to the cage, ready to take him to the Prune. Mr Grape spoke sadly "I'm sorry buddy, we've tried, we are exhausted and I don't even think you understand us? We've given it our all but we are taking you to live with the circus. You're just not the child we planned on raisin.   Why isn't Barbie pregnant? Because Ken came in a different box   Jim apple Had a very rough time introducing himself in France   A bodybuilder told me he hates protein. No whey!   You know what pisses me off most about Reddit? deleted   My pet rock died 1 upvote 1 pray   What is Sean Spicer's favorite genre of music? Alternative Rock   Can I make a wish? Two Men were out fishing when one decides to have a smoke He asks the other guy if he has a lighter He replies "Yes I do!" and hands the other a 10 inch long BIC lighter Surprised the guy asks "Where did you get this?" The guy replies "Oh I have a personal genie." The first man asks "Can I make a wish? " Sure says the other man "Just make sure that you speak clearly cause he is a little hard at hearing" "Ok I will" says the other as he rubs the lamp a genie appears and asks the man what he wants The man says " I want a Million Bucks " The genie says OK and goes back to his bottle and 10 seconds later a million ducks fly over head And the guy says to the other " Your genie realy sucks at hearing doesnt he?" The other man replies "I know, do you really think I asked for a 10 inch BIC"   Trust not the Alien... It almost killed Sigourney Weaver.   If Christians have the Daily Bread, what do Buddhists have? The Daily Lama   Get Stoned Before an Auction Even if you don't win anything, you'll still be the highest bidder!   A guy gets arrested for taking a dump. -Knock knock -Who's there? -Police. -Can you wait a little? I'm taking a dump right now. -We know, this phone booth is transparent.   How do you know if your roommate is gay? His dick tastes like shit.   Why couldn't Beethoven find his teacher? Because he was Haydn   My wife's an Archaeologist because... She keeps on digging up the past!   A rabbi and a priest A rabbi Asked a priest: Could you ever be promoted in your church? The priest answered, Well, I could become a bishop The Rabbi asked, And then? The preist said, Well, I suppose I could even be an archbishop The rabbi said, And if you were to be promoted again? The priest answered, Well, then I would be a cardinal The rabbi inquired once again, to which the priest answered, I could become the Pope The rabbi asked, And then? The priest threw up his hands and said, what more could I become? God himself?! The rabbi calmly replied, One of our boys made it.   What did I say to -1? Look Ma! Not real.   I invented the perfect beach accessory for men! A clip-on-tip that attaches to the inside of your suit and peeks out just below the bottom of a guy's swim trunks. We're calling it the Billadong.   A nice, calm and respectable lady went into..... A nice, calm and respectable lady went into the pharmacy, right up to the pharmacist, looked straight into his eyes, and said, "I would like to buy some cyanide." The pharmacist asked, "Why in the world do you need cyanide?" The lady replied, "I need it to poison my husband." The pharmacists eyes got big and he exclaimed, "Lord have mercy! I can't give you cyanide to kill your husband! That's against the law! I'll lose my license! They'll throw both of us in jail! All kinds of bad things will happen. Absolutely not! You CANNOT have any cyanide!" The lady reached into her purse and pulled out a picture of her husband in bed with the pharmacist's wife. The pharmacist looked at the picture and replied, "Well now. That's different. You didn't tell me you had a prescription."   What does a Frenchman say who lost his dinner whilst trying to find some more? Where did you come from? Where did you go? Where did you come from escargot?   What the difference between a gay guy and a refrigerator. When you put meat in the refrigerator it doesn't get aids   So i read this story about a woman who got electrocuted when she dropped her vibrator in the bath It was a total buzzkill   Scottish bloke goes on a skiing holiday to Canada This Scottish bloke goes on a skiing holiday to Canada. After a hard day on the slopes he retires to a bar at the bottom of the mountain. After about five or six whiskeys, he looks up and notices a stuffed animal with antlers on the wall. He asks the barman, "What the fuck is that?". The barman says, "It's a Moose." The Scottish chap says, "Fuck me! How big are the cats?"   A priest.... A priest, an Irishman, a horse, a gorilla, a twelve inch pianist and an infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The bartender says "Is this some kind of a joke?"   Why did the cockroach break up with his centipede girlfriend? Each time he spreads a couple of her legs she says: It's not here!   Steve and his buddies were hanging out and..... Steve and his buddies were hanging out and planning an upcoming fishing trip. Unfortunately, he had to tell them that he couldn't go this time because his wife wouldn't let him. After a lot of teasing and name calling, Steve headed home frustrated. The following week when Steve's buddies arrived at the lake to set up camp, they were shocked to see Steve. He was already sitting at the campground with a cold beer, swag rolled out, fishing rod in hand, and a camp fire glowing. "How did you talk your missus into letting you go Steve?" "I didn't have to," Steve replied. "Yesterday, when I left work, I went home and slumped down in my chair with a beer to drown my sorrows because I couldn't go fishing. Then the ol' lady Snuck up behind me and covered my eyes and said, 'Surprise'. When I peeled her hands back, she was standing there in a beautiful see through negligee and she said, 'Carry me into the bedroom, tie me to the bed and you can do whatever you want,' So, Here I am!"   What happens if you don't pay your exorcist? You get repossessed.   What is Bane's favorite movie? Broke-back Mountain   What do you call a person who is not a nihilist? A De-nihilist.   What happens when you take a joke too far? The 45th President of the United States.   My doctor told me I was eating too much meat So I decided to quit cold turkey   In Soviet Russia, a Judge bursts into his chambers laughing "I've just heard the funniest joke about Stalin... ever!" "Well, go ahead and tell us.", the other Judges ask. "I can't. I just gave someone a life sentence for it."   Ann and Joe are having an argument "You are like Satan!" screamed Joe. "Their Mom says, "Shh, Joe thats offending." Once Ann left, she said, "Offending to Satan!"   A rabbit is walking on the railways He is singing: My life is amazing, dumdumdum, my life is long, dum dumdum, dumdumdum dumdumdum dumdumdum   What do you do with dead scientists? Barium   Why didn't the pony say anything? Because he was a little hoarse...   Spilt milk I hate how every time I come home and go to the kitchen my flat mate has spilled milk everywhere. How dairy   What did the over-sized transgender postcard say to the UPS driver? What don't you understand? I told you, I don't fit in a male box!   What do you call a gay dinosaur? A megasoreass.   Reading the news today. Man: A policeman accidentally inserted his truncheon in someone's umm, ahh, mm. Other Man: Rectum? Man: Damn near killed 'em   There are only two people I know who can kill 70 people in 2 hours. John wick... and John Wick 2   Why do you wrap hamsters in duct tape? So they don't blow up when you fuck 'em.   A nun is walking down the street... A nun is walking down the street. As she passes a dark alley a man grabs her, pulls her into the alley, rips off her clothes, and ravages her in the most obscene manner possible. As the man is zipping up the nun wails, "Oh No! How am I going to tell Mother Superior I have been sexually violated twice!" The man says, "What do you mean? I only did it once." The nun leans back and says, "Yeah, but you're going to do it again, aren't you?"   How do you make an idiot wonder? deleted   There was a prison break and I saw a midget climb up the fence. As he jumped down he sneered at me and I thought, well thats a little condescending.   What do you call a situation where a train wreck is happening right in front of your eyes and you can't do anything about it? Donald Trump   I identify as all real numbers. Call me by my new pronoun: xeR   Dorothy: Toto, we're not in Kansas anymore Toto: I know, I miss the rains down in africa   What did the caveman say when he stumbled upon a pooping dinosaur? "That's pooposterous!"   What is The ISIS Cafeteria called? Allahu Snakbar.   A Yugoslavian jew moves to israel After ww2 most of the (still alive) yugoslavian jews moved to Israel. Shlomo shekelowitz decides to stay in yugoslavia just to test the new socialist regime. After a year he moves to israel. One of his old friends sees him and asks SCHLOMO! Long time we did not see each other ! How is it in Yugoslavia ? Schlomo responds : "I couldn't complain". His friend responds : "Why did you move here then ?" "I couldn't complain", Schlomo repeats   I told my dad to embrace his mistakes. He cried. Then he hugged my sister and me.   My wife got diagnosed with Alzeihmers and Parkinsons last week. I've been getting 8 wanks a day.   What did the farmer say after he lost his tractor? Where is my tractor? (I am so sorry).   A lady goes into a pharmacy and asks for cyanide... A nice, calm and respectable lady went into the pharmacy, right up to the pharmacist, looked straight into his eyes, and said, "I would like to buy some cyanide." The pharmacist asked, "Why in the world do you need cyanide?" The lady replied, "I need it to poison my husband." The pharmacists eyes got big and he exclaimed, "Lord have mercy! I can't give you cyanide to kill your husband! That's against the law! I'll lose my license! They'll throw both of us in jail! All kinds of bad things will happen. Absolutely not! You CANNOT have any cyanide!" The lady reached into her purse and pulled out a picture of her husband in bed with the pharmacist's wife. The pharmacist looked at the picture and replied, "Well now. That's different. You didn't tell me you had a prescription."   How does Bob Ross exorcise his paint brush? He beats the devil out of it.   Me and my friends had an argument.... NSFW Me and my friends had an argument about what was more fucked up, one of my friends said necrophilia, the other said bestiality. I would've said both... But I didn't want to beat a dead horse.   A pun contest... A man's newsletter tells him about a pun contest they are holding. The person who submits the best pun will win 10000. The man thinks, I could really use that money! So he decides he will submit some puns. In the hopes of winning the 10000, he submits 10 puns in one letter. He hoped and prayed that at least one pun would win it for him. But no pun in ten did.   People are saying that 3.5 years to build the wall is too long, but I'm not worried Government-funded construction projects almost never run over their time   What's the difference between a BMW and a cactus? George Zimmerman has never shot a cactus.   What did the chimpanzee say to the human? No homo.   Who do you call when you get robbed in Mexico? 9-Juan-Juan   Three kids walk into a Pole He was very fat.   Why do you always put your left shoe on last? Because when you put one shoe on, the other one is left.   What did the Alabaman wife say to her husband when she found out he was cheating? Oh, brother.   Two thieves break into a man's house... The man wakes up in the middle of a night and runs down stairs but the thieves escape over the fence so he calls the police. The police get to his house and ask what happened; the mans says: "Well the robbers took off with my personal computer and nothing else before I scared them away", the police officer says "Did you get a look at them? Can you give us a description?" the man says "Well it was dark and I was only half-awake... but if I had to guess, I'd say they looked looked like the kind of people that would download child porn".   Whats the difference between Jared Fogel and a pixie stick? it's OK for a kid to have a pixie stick in their mouth.   Two prostitutes are hanging out on a corner in the 70's when one asks the other, "Hey, have you ever been picked up by the fuzz?" The other says "No, but I've been swung around by the tits."   What does uranium have in common with a mental ward patient? They're both unstable.   What's the worst part about a blizzard in a leper colony? Stepping outside in the morning to find a foot on the roof of your car   Seagull with diarrheia Seagull With Diarrhea told another that it barely Made It To Crowded Beach In Time.   So I asked a sheep how it is to be a sheep. "Meh..."   So I know the Mexicans probably think the wall will be too expensive... But they'll get over it.   A mother and her child were hugging ... "Mommy," says the child, "am I adopted?" "No, sweetie," replied the mother. "We haven't managed to find someone who will take you."   A large woman, wearing a sleeveless sundress walked into a bar in Dublin. She raised her right arm, revealing a huge, hairy armpit and, as she pointed to all the people sitting at the bar she asked, "What man here will buy a lady a drink?" The bar went silent as patrons tried to ignore her. But down at the end of the bar, an owly-eyed drunk slammed his hand down on the counter and bellowed, "Give the ballerina a drink!" The bartender poured the drink and the woman chugged it down. She turned to the patrons and again pointed around at all of them, revealing the same hairy armpit, and asked, "What man here will buy a lady a drink?" Once again, the same little drunk slapped his money down on the bar and said, "Give the ballerina another drink!" The bartender approached the little drunk and said, "Tell me, Paddy, it's your business if you want to buy the lady a drink, but why do you keep calling her the ballerina?" The drunk replied, "Any woman who can lift her leg that high has got to be a ballerina!"   Three men are walking along, two of them walk into a bar... The third one ducks. I'm sorry. I'm sure many have heard it before. But I haven't seen it here.   A mushroom walks into a bar.... Bartender says "sorry sir we don't serve your kind" mushroom says "why.... I'm a fungi"   Donald Trump was once asked if he could quote any Bible verses. "Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Deport him and you will never have to feed him again." Donald 20:17   What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino. Fuck if I know   BREAKING: White House staffer leaks that the President was surprised to learn that Checks and Balances didn't refer just to... bank accounts   Whats 18 inches long and dangles in front of an asshole? Donald Trumps tie.   A guy gets a job as a lumberjack He's in a logging camp in the middle of nowhere and everything is going great. After a couple of weeks he's talking to his foreman when he says, "I notice there's no women around for miles, what do you guys do to satisfy your needs?" The foreman hands him a map and tells him to follow this to the biggest tree in the Forrest, there is a hole in the side of it. Just stick your dick in there and you will feel better. The new lumberjack was put off by this idea and decided to pass. But, after a few more weeks he was getting antsy and decided to make the hike to the tree. When he gets there he sticks his dick in and is amazed, it feels just like fucking a woman. He was instantly hooked. He started visiting the tree every night, sometimes more then once and would just go to town fucking the shit out of that tree. One night on one of his trips he sticks his dick in and nothing happens, it feels like just sticking his dick in a wood hole. He goes back to foreman and tells him he thinks the tree is broken. The foreman says, "that's strange" he pulls a clipboard off the wall and says, "oh, no its your turn to be inside the hollow tree."   How does Moses make his coffee? hebrews it!   Why did the necrophiliac get a divorce? The rotten bitch split on him!   Dogs don't love you... They're just glad they dont live in China.   18:- can I buy a bottle of wine? Government :- No, that's illegal and irresponsible. 18:- Can I go 40,000 into debt for education?? Government :- we encourage it.   Why do Nazis like dentists? Because they prefer whites   What does the Buddhist order from the hot dog stand? Make me one with everything :)   My dad always lived by the motto "Work hard, play hard." Mom made him seek help for his Viagra addiction.   Jesus is setting up for supper and he calls Judas over to help. "Judas, please set the table. " Judas complies and sets the table. "Judas, put the food on the table." Judas places the food on the table. "Judas, please call everyone to the table. " Again, he does as he is told and gathers everyone. As they are enjoying the feast Jesus planned and had Judas serve, Jesus gets really serious and says," This will be my last supper with you." He pauses and continues, " One of you will betray me." At which point Judas throws his hands up in a huff," Why do I have to do everything around here?!"   How is Mexico going to be able to pay for the wall? It's expensive, but I'm sure they'll get over it.   What's the difference between Donald Trump and 5 year old? Honestly, somebody tell me because I have no fucking clue.   What do new iPhones and Donald Trump have in common? Both cost more than they're worth and create the illusion of superiority without ever delivering.   What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick   What did the muslim in America say ? removed   What did the D.J. say to the Vegetable Farmer? Lettuce turnip the beet.   You know what they say about jokes The cheesier the grater!   Adultery Code There was this old priest who got sick of all the people in his parish who kept confessing to adultery. One Sunday, in the pulpit, he said, "If I hear one more person confess to adultery, I'll quit!" Well, everyone liked him, so they came up with a code word. Someone who had committed adultery would say they had "fallen". This seemed to satisfy the old priest and things went well, until the priest died at a ripe old age. About a week after the new priest arrived, he visited the Mayor of the town and seemed very concerned. The priest said, "You have to do something about the sidewalks in town. When people come into the confessional, they keep talking about having fallen." The Mayor started to laugh, realizing that no-one had told the new priest about the code word. Before the mayor could explain, the priest shook an accusing finger at the mayor and said, "I don't know what you're laughing about. Your wife fell three times this week."   My boss told me, "You are the worst train driver ever. How many have you derailed this year?" I replied, "I don't know; it's hard to keep track".   Did you hear about the musician who named his daughter Sharp? He didn't have the heart to tell her she was accidental.   What do you get when you cross a chicken with a centipede? Extra drumsticks!   The executive is overworked and decide to take some time off and visit his farmer cousins... The executive is overworked getting stressed and decide to take some time off from work and visit his cousins who live in a farm in the country side. He calls his cousin who is more than happy to have him over since they haven't seen each other in years. When the executive gets there he notices that not much has changed since the last time he was there, a long time ago. He is filled with nostalgia and starts feeling better already. They have coffee and chat for a little bit and the executive says he wants to do some farm manual labor to take his head off work and forget about the city life for a while. The farmer says there is plenty of work to do around the farm and the executive can help him. So the farmer tells him to wake up early the next day and meet him at the stable. When the executive gets to the stable the next day the farmer shows him piles of bags and say: - This is all the horse manure we collected for the past 3 months. Your job will will be to spread it over that empty field to fertilize the soil for the next season. Two hours later the executive is done and goes to ask his cousin what else he can do. The farmer is surprised. "This usually takes us a whole day! I only planned work for you for tomorrow". So the farmer inspects the field and is astonished the executive did such a good job in so little time. So he tells him to take the rest of the day off and meet him at he chicken coop the next morning. The next morning the farmer says: "We got a big chicken order from one of our clients and we have to deliver it ready for processing. Your job will be to cut the chickens head off so we can send them out. Again, two hours later the executive is done and goes to ask his cousin what else he can do. The farmer is surprised now even more. He didn't think his city cousin could manage farm jobs so well. "This usually takes us two days, this is impressive! Meet me at the orange plantation tomorrow morning." The next morning the farmer says: "The orange harvesting wasn't very good this year. We only got this 10 boxes of oranges. Your job will be to separate them in 3 piles, big oranges, medium oranges and small oranges. If anyone is bad just discard it." To the farmers surprise, it's the end of the day and his executive cousin is still not back for dinner, so he goes to check on him. When he gets there is sees his cousin working out still on the first box, comparing sizes on two oranges, then picking a third one and changing it's original pile... The farmer is puzzled, screeching his head. "what's the matter? I thought you would finish this in no time" The executive looks at him and says: "I'm an executive. We are really good at spreading shit and cutting heads. But we really struggle when it comes to making decisions"   Why did no one go to work in Mongolian Persia? Because they were always Ilkhanate   What's a pirate's favorite letter? It's the C matey!!!!! Idk I'm high   Three men walks into a bar. The fourth man ducks.   Want to know how to keep your guitar sounding good? Stay tuned.   Please dont tell jokes about domestic abuse... They hit too close to home   A man goes to a doctor. Doctor : I don't know how to tell you this, but you have got to stop masturbating. Patient : But why? Doctor : So that I can fucking examine you.   What's super marios favorite type of fabric? Denim denim denim.   Woman are turning into good drivers ...so if ur a good driver watch out for women turning!   Surround yourself with people who have issues. People with issues always have alcohol.   I went to the Zoo the other day and there was a loaf of Hovis in the Lion enclosure - so I went up to the zookeeper and said "What's that doing in there?" and he said "That? That's bread in captivity"   Can Napoleon return to his place of birth? Of Corsican.   Did you know that 80 of Korean businessmen have caddaracts? The other 20 drive Mercedes   A blind man walks into a bar... And a table...and a chair...and the waiter...   Did you know Princess Diana was on the radio the night she died? She was on the radio, and the dashboard, and the hood.   Make the horse laugh A man walks into a bar and sees a jar full of money next to a horse stall The man goes over to the bartender and asks what the set up is for. "You pay five bucks to go into the stall where the horse is, and if you can make the horse laugh, you win all the money in the jar. "Easy" the man says. He puts five dollars in the jar, walks up to the horse, whispers in his ear, and the horse starts cracking up. The man takes the money and leaves. A week later, the man goes back to the bar, where they have the same set up. "Same bet?" The man asks. "No, this time you have to make the horse cry" "Even easier" the man says. So he puts five bucks in the jar, walks up to the horse, and the horse starts crying. The man is about to take the money and run, but the bartender stops him. "OK, first, how'd you get the horse to laugh?" And the man says "I told him I had a bigger dick than he did." "And how'd you get the horse to cry?" The bartender asks. "I showed him."   I love to Poop.   Did you hear about the Bowling Green Massacre? No? Neither did the victims.   3 nuns are sitting on a bench. A man in a trench coat walks by and flashes them. 2 of the nuns had a stroke. The third couldn't reach.   Every year, millions of people get sick from eating tainted beef. Who the hell is putting their taint on the beef?   Why did the cowboy orphan cat limp into the bar? He was looking for the man who shot his paw.   I call my wife Bambi She thinks it's because she's cute with big brown eyes. But it's really because I want someone to shoot her mother with a hunting rifle. Edit: Some people have accused me of "being a plagiarist" and "stealing other's jokes"... Their words, not mine... Pause for comedic value But seriously, this is a version of an Ashlee Barnhill joke. Sorry for the bamboozle fellow redditors.   A Grizzly has attacked a school! Four are dead! Fortunately, the rest of the salmon are OK and are peacefully continuing upstream.   2018 kids won't get this Club penguin   A man attempts a bar hop... ...and squashes his nuts   What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the batmobile? Get in the batmobile.   What does a sneezing nut sound like? Ca-shew.   2017 First UFO lands Alien: "Take me to your leader." Alien is brought to Pres. Trump. Alien: "Good one! Seriously though. This is important."   A nazi spy goes to a bar with a friend "Bartender, I vant two martinis, please." "Dry?" "Zwei, du amerikanisches Schwein!"   A plane crashed on the border of two countries, and everyone dies except the pilot. Where you do you bury the survivors? Six feet under a cesspit, till you can no longer hear his screams.   Hey girl, are you today's date? Because you're 210.   Iron Man at a dance club Tony Stark is in an electronic dance club, he's very upset that the D.J is playing subpar music and that the bar is closed. All of this makes Iron Man- Stark raving mad.   I met two hipsters today Turns out, the correct term is conjoined twins.   I can't stop shitting out feathers. I think I've got Irritable owl syndrome.   Since Valentine's is approaching, my friend posted "I love my girlfriend 3" I knew he liked them young but that is fucking ridiculous.   Did you hear about the constipated mathematician? He worked it out with a pencil.   I bought a treadmill the other day... It's really giving me a run for my money.   I was really unsuccessful and unpopular until I stood on a globe covered in super glue. Now I have the world at my feet.   What do you call Steve Bannon in a rubber room? Home.   How do you get a jewish girls number? You roll up her sleeve.   What do people smoke in concentration camps? MariJEWana   What is the most common job among spiders? Web designer.   Loyalty is very important for my wife... My girlfriend doesn't care. Funny how different sisters can be.   A man walks into a bar (semi-original) A man walks into a bar and sees a bunch of old men sitting around talking and drinking. He gets up to the bar, and orders himself a drink, and casually listens into the conversations. "Yes yes, but number 42." "Number 42? Two fifty eight." "Are you kidding me? Thirty three my friend. Thirty three." The man looks at the bartender and asks, "Hey what's with the numbers?" "Oh they're just talking politics. Same group, day in and day out." "But what's with the numbers?" "Well, they got tired of re-hashing the same old arguments over and over. So they just gave them a number." A man in back shouts, "Fifty two, as always." Bartender says, "See, fifty two means he's accusing the other guy of making an appeal to stone, which is a logical fallacy in which a statement is automatically dismissed as ridiculous without taking the evidence into consideration." "Wow, that's amazing." "Not really. I've been listening to them for years. Most of them don't even know what they're talking about. I think you could just throw out random numbers and none of them would know it." Just then an elderly gentleman sits next to him. The guy decides to give it a try, so he looks over and asks, "So my friend. Twenty eight." He replies, "Twenty eight? Bah! A hundred and thirteen." "Fifty-two." "Fifty-two?" The man raises his voice a little. "Seventy three!" Not knowing what to say next, the man just spouts off random numbers. "Eight nine" "Eight" "Ninety six." "A hundred and four!" The exchange continues back and forth. Thirty-two. Fifty Six. Seventy nine. One thirty three. The old man stops and with a huge grin, he says "Ah ... very clever. Very clever. One thirty three. But Sixteen. You never considered sixteen. Checkmate." The guy, still clueless about what they just argued about, looks to the bartender, holds up his finger to motion for another drink and says, "One." At that moment, the bar goes silent. They all look to the man. The elderly gentleman is furious. Enraged. He stands up, and with as strong a punch any octogenarian can muster, he hits the guy as hard as he can, and storms out. Stunned, the guy recomposes himself. The bar goes back to their conversations, and he asks the bartender, "What the hell just happened?" "That was Saul Greenberg, and you just said he's no better than Hitler."   What do you get when there is a death at a funeral? A rehearsal.   Hermaphrodite... A woman gives birth to a baby. Shortly afterward, the doctor comes into the room looking grim faced. The woman sees this and panics. "Doctor, is my baby ok?" "Yes", the doctor replies. "But, Mrs. Johnson, I must tell you that your baby was born an hermaphrodite." "A... hermaphro-whaaat???" "An hermaphrodite, Mrs. Johnson. Essentially, your baby was born with the same body parts pertaining to both a male AND a female." The woman thinks about this. "So... let me get this straight, doctor. You're telling me that my baby was born with both a penis AND a brain???"   A New Yorker went for a checkup.. Doctor: We're sorry, you have Hepatitis B. New Yorker: Damn B, what kind of hepatitis?   I came up with a 'Knock Knock' joke "Knock Knock" "Who's there?" "I'll ask" "I'll ask who?" "Al- ask- a ... It's so cold!"   I applied for a job at a blacksmiths He asked if ive ever shoed a horse before. I said no but i once told a donkey to fuck off   Two tattooed people ride in a car, who is driving? The police   What would Freud say comes between fear and sex? Funf.   What do you call a pessimistic Mexican doing math? Negative Juan.   Surprise bj I woke up to a surprise blowjob today. I should really start sleeping with my mouth closed   The captain of the Titantic was a vegetarian, his last words were... "Iceberg lettuce leaf"   What do you call a cuddle with only one person? A cddle, because u weren't there   Rick Astley will let you borrow any movie from his collection except for one. He's never gonna give you Up.   What does a rapper say after he's done recording? It's a rap   The doctor told me to drink a lot of clear liquid So I picked up some vodka and gin on the way home.   Mammoth walks down the street. All of a sudden a dozen of elephants get out of the corner, see Mammoth, come by and beat the shit out of him. After they left Mammoth stands up, spits broken tusks and says: "Fucking skinheads!"   An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar The first orders a pint. The second orders half a pint. The third orders a quarter pint. The barman says "Fuck you guys" and pours two pints.   A Nazi walks into a Bar... ... Mitzvah   Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field   What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.   What kind of boxer spits on their opponents face? A beat boxer   What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang a picture.   What do you call a clown in prison? A sillycon   What did the leper say to the prostitute? Keep the tip.   Angela Merkel visits Greece Angela Merkel visits Greece. On her way through customs she gets stopped by an officer 'Nationality?' He asks 'German' she replies 'Occupation?' 'No, just visiting'   Some guy assaulted me last night with a bat ... I was really impressed with how well he had trained it.   An exhibitionist cross path with a 6 yo girl on her way to school. He asks the little girl "Hey, honey, do you know what a phallus is ?" "No mister, I've never heard of it" He then gets his raincoat wide open, revealing the erected object and starting to laugh frantically "It's this ! hahahahaha" To which the child answers "Oh I see, it's like a dick, but smaller."   As the animals left the ark, Noah told them to go forth and multiply. After some while, Noah happened upon two snakes sunning themselves. "Why aren't you multiplying?" Noah asked. The snakes replied, "We can't, we're adders." So Noah and his sons went into the nearby forest and felled some trees. They made a platform of logs onto which they placed the snakes. You see, even adders can multiply on a log table.   Can he simplify this trigonometric equation? Cos he can't! Get it? It's like cosecant. Hahahaha I made this joke in algebra 2 in high school and the class laughed for like 10 minutes straight. I believe it was the best pun of my entire life. 2 years later when I was a senior people still brought up the joke when these trigonometric identities came up.   German girl number One day I asked a sex German girl for her number and she said "SEX SEX SEX. DRY SEX SWINE!" I cowered away in fear Then her friend came up to me and said "She means '666-3629"   Drunk in taxi A drunk gets into the back of a cab and the driver starts heading down the street. The drunk asks the cabbie, "hey Mac- do you have room up front for a six pack of beer and a pepperoni pizza?" The driver says "sure." The drunk goes "BLLLECCCCHHHHH." (It works much better verbally.)   What do they call the Hunger Games in France? Battle Royale with Cheese.   What do you call a biker gang of bisexual Norse monarchs? The Bikings.   When a woman gets a vibrator, It's seen as a bit of naughty fun. But when a guy orders a 240 volt fuckmaster pro 5000 blow up latex doll, with a 6 speed pulsating pussy, elasticized anus with non-drip semen collection tray, together with optional built in realistic orgasm scream surround sound system. He's called a pervert!   Did you hear about the guy who proposed to marry his car? He wanted a more engaging driver experience.   What do you get when you fuse Arab and Indian food? Explosive Diarrhea   My maths teacher just told us a mean joke... I thought he was a coMedian.   Funny that when a guy sleeps with tons of girls, he's a stud.. But when a girl sleeps with tons of guys, somehow Im not one of them.   I can't remember the translation of German "wichtig." I have a feeling it's important, though.   Steve Bannon so drunk... his liver spots got liver spots.   There was once an emotionally unstable suicide bomber he fell to pieces.   What do the guys at incels use for birth control? Their personalities. One hundred percent effective.   Stores in Seattle now accept credit cards in canabis stores It's been a week for green cards in Washington   My wife started with this weight loss program... A few months into the program she says to me "It's been a couple of months and I still look fat. Can you give me a compliment?" I couldn't really think of anything because she hates when I compliment her on her personality so I said "You have perfect eyesight dear."   The Toothpaste Salesman So a toothpaste company offered a promotion to the salesman who could sell the most toothpaste in one week. After one week they all came back and the boss asked how they did. The first said he sold 100 by going door to door and telling people about the toothpaste, the boss says wow that's good. The second said he sold 1000 by standing in front of grocery stories and tell people how important toothpaste is, and the boss says wow that's amazing. The third said I sold 50,000 and the boss asked how that is possible, the salesman then says he went to the local insert local professional sports arena NFL game and set up a sign that says FREE CHIPS AND DIP, and when the people tasted the dip they said "wow that dip taste like shit" and the salesman responded by saying "it is, would you like to buy a toothbrush?"   An American walks into a cheesemaker's shop in Italy. The cheesemaker greets him with an enthusiastic smile, "Ciao! How-a may I help-a you-a?" The American asks, "Do you have any Gouda cheese?" The cheesemaker scowls and turns red in the face, then gesticulates around the room and yells, "It's-a all-a good-a cheese!!"   I wonder if.. What if the ocean is salty because the land never waves back?   My girlfriend was giving me my first pedicure I asked her if the tool she was using to rub my feet was called a pedofile.   Jesus fed 2000 Jews fish and bread Hitler made 5 million Jews toast   If waitresses with big boobs work at Hooters, then where do 1 legged waitresses work? IHOP Gives tipping your waitress new meaning   After yoga class, I followed my instructor home and broke into her bedroom window. She screamed and told me I need to leave. I told her "Nah, I'ma stay".   I got jailed when I performed a magic trick. Apparently, when I make the kids disappear, I also have to make them reappear.   A horse walks into a bar The bartender says "What do you want?" The horse unable to understand English shits itself and runs out.   The past, present and future walked into a bar. And it was tense.   What's the difference between a feminist and a suicide vest? People care if the vest gets triggered.   A guy asks a girl to prom... She says yes, In preparation, the guy goes to rent a nice suit. He waits in line for a very long time but eventually he gets it. He decides he wants to be a little fancy and so he goes to rent a limo. There's a large line at the dealer. He waits in line for a very long time but eventually he rents the limo. On the day of the prom, he gets in the limo and begins to drive to the house of his date. There's a lot of traffic so he waits in line for a very long time but eventually he gets there. He picks up his date and gets to prom without a problem. They dance, have fun etc. Eventually the girl gets thirsty and she asks the guy to go get some drinks. He walks to the punch table and there's no punch line.   The Duel (Extremely Long) During the Yongle Emperor's reign in the Ming Dynasty, there was an imperial proclamation posted on the Quintuple Pailou of Front-Gate Street in Beijing. This proclamation gripped the attention of the entire city. The people of the three front gates gathered up like a storm. Monks, Taoists, Muslims, Confuscianists, Scholars of a hundred schools, farmers, artisans, merchants, and all the other professions in the world, along with officials, eunuchs, bowmen, arrowfolk, cart-pushers, pole carriers, coal sellers, charcoal sellers, needle and thread sellers, pie and noodle sellers, pot-fixers and garlic sellers, pancake and doughnut sellers, tea and egg sellers.... all these people! They don't know what happened with the country, and why there was a proclamation, so they gathered up to get a look. At this time, from the north there came a dude, whose last name is Sun and first name is Delong and a butcher in the East Quaduple Pailou Butcher's Street, and knows how to catch and butcher pigs. He originally came from Dengzhou, Shandong, and is around 40 years old. He likes to drink. Today he just came from the butchery, and held his pig hook in his armpit, which is a white waxed pole as thick as a walnut, a meter and half in length, and two bronze hooks at the tip. If the pig runs away, he can hook it back with one pull. He held his purse in one hand and his ledger in his other armpit. He had a rope for a belt and pewter liquor bottle hanging on it. The bottle was polished so much it lit up like a lamp from the reflection of the sun. He wore a cotton cloth robe, but it's checkered pattern? Why? Because he wipes his knife on it after he cuts everything, meat, intestines, whatever. As the days gone by it went the same way as the razor sharpener in the salon. So he just had the drink of his life from the liquor bar after work, and his legs were quaking as his words slurred, "This wine may be sorghum water, but it conquers the legs first on a man, can't see anything in front of me, like I've been possessed by a ghost!" He saw that there's a circle of people surrounding the proclamation? "I gotta see what this is about", so he forced his way in. He saw the proclamation, but he's illiterate, so he asks around. He taps another dude on the shoulder, "Yo! What's this shit?" Other guy says, "Slow down, man, careful you don't get a side stitch. This is an imperial proclamation!" "The hell is an imperial proclamation?" "Something the Emperor posted!" "Can you read it for me?" "Sure thing! Listen here, 'Blessed by the Mandate of Heaven the Emperor, his rescript reads as thus: In the seventh year of Chenghua, the Ryukyu Kingdom sends their tribute. In reality, however, they sent an old Taoist to test his power against us... " "All right stop! Don't read anymore. I don't understand any of this!?" "Oh, so I did this for nothing?" "So let me ask, what's the first two phrases?" "Blessed by the Mandate of Heaven the Emperor, His rescript reads as thus?" "The hell is 'His rescript reads as thus?'" "If the Emperor speaks, it's 'his rescript reads as thus'" "So what would be for me speaking?" "Uh... I don't know what would be reading as thus." "Fine, continue" This man however's already tired of it since he has to read and then explain. He figured he might as well just tell Sun what it means, "So basically the Ryukyu's are a vassal state that sends tribute and their declaration as our servant every year, but this year they sent an old Taoist, who knows how to do 36 styles of silent debate, and can recite 70 volumes of the 'Diamond Sutra', he's coming to to test his power against us Chinese. If we beat him, then they'll continue their tribute and declaration every year. If we can't, or nobody takes up the challenge, then they the Ryukyus are now the lords, and we Great Ming are now the vassal states. The Emperor thus sends out a proclamation seeking able people, who knows how to silently debate and recite the Diamond Sutra, to take up the challenge. If they can beat that old Taoist, the Emperor will give them any amounts of money or as high of a court position as possible! But it's useless for you, you don't know how to silent debate or recite the Diamond Sutra." He just had to go there, because this Sun Delong has a name for being a "jack of all trades". If you say he's not capable of something, he's going to get mad, "Stop! How do you know I don't know how to silent debate, or how to read the Diamond Sutra?" "Oh? So you can?" "If I don't, what do I have this head for?" "Ah! Then that's great! Take the proclamation and go challenge the old Taoist!" Sun was walking up to take the proclamation when the other guy thought that he should make absolutely sure, so he asked. "The imperial proclamation says the old Taoist knows 36 styles of silent debate, do you?" "How many styles?" "36." "I know 72." "Wow! Twice the styles... The old Taoist can recite 70 volumes of the Diamond Sutra." "And the Diamond Sutra I can recite is endless!" "Then take the proclamation." "I can't reach." "So what's that in your hand then?" "My pig hook." "So use it to hook the proclamation then." "Right." He hooked the proclamation off the post. The soldiers who were guarding the proclamation saw that a drunk had taken the proclamation, so they took out their rope and tied him up, pushing him to see the official in charge. The official in charge is the Imperial Secretary Xie. However, Sun refused to kneel and instead turned his face in disgust, "So what's your last name?" Minister Xie was baffled, "So he's prosecuting me instead the other way around? or what?" He thought. "It's 'Xie'." "Minister Xie, do you have common sense?" "What does that mean?" "Am I supposed to take the old Taoist's challenge tied up?" "Oh? So you're the sorcerer?" Minister Xie immediately reprimands the two soldiers. "You reprehensible idiots! How can you bring the sorcerer to me tied up!" He personally unties Sun. There's only one seat in the office. "Sorcerer, please sit." Of course, it's supposed to be Minister Xie's seat, but Sun doesn't know that, so he sits right away. Not only does he sit, but he also annoyingly says, "Oh, where would you sit then?" Minister Xie has to reply, "Then I'll stand." "So, Minister, where do we find this damned Taoist?" "He's living in the Golden Terrace Institute in the Legation Quarter. That being said we must first go meet his majesty." "What's a majesty?" "The Emperor" "Oh great, long time no see for us bros." Apparently, Sun's bros with the Emperor. "So sorcerer, do you want to ride a horse or a litter to the palace?" "Neither." "Neither? Then what sorcery will you use?" "I want to ride an ass." "Ride an ass? Where do we find one for you?" "No ass, no go." Minister Xie was flabbergasted, but he personally went to the Zhangyi Gate to rent a donkey foal so Sun could ride it to the Palace. He had Sun wait in the East Court in the Palace. Minister Xie reports to the Emperor, and the Emperor was pleased. He orders an immediate audience. However, Minister Xie ponders a bit and decides that he can't let Sun see the Emperor, because Sun hasn't practiced the proper protocols in the Ministry of Rites, and he doesn't know what might come out of Sun's mouth. If Sun goes up to the Emperor and says something like "Yo bro, long time no see", then Minister Xie would certainly lose his head. Thus, Minister Xie immediately says, "Your majesty, the sorcerer isn't a native of Beijing, and just came recently. He also hasn't practiced the propr protocols in the Ministry of Rites, so I fear he may offend your majesty with his improper behavior. If it were up to me, I would send him to take the challenge first, and have an audience after. If he defeats the old Taoist, then it's easier to forgive his transgressions in behavior." Thus, the Emperor agrees and sends for the old Taoist in the Golden Terrace Institute, telling him that China has in fact found someone to accept his challenge. The old Taoist orders two 10-meter platforms be built in front of the Hall of Supreme Harmony, and a table, incense burners, offerings, candelabrum, scroll paper, cinnabar brush, vegetables, grains, and a bowl or rainwater. "Whatever your sorcerer wants, tell him to prepare himself." The old Taoist says, but Minister Xie ponders and just orders the same things for Sun. The orders were fulfilled quickly. The old Taoist shook his robe, and a dark whirlwind blew, lifting him onto his platform. The officials in court were shocked. The emperor sends his edict, "Minister Xie, ask our sorcerer to take the challenge, and also ride the wind or cloud up to the platform." Minister Xie immediately goes to the East Court to find the "sorcerer". He goes in and sees Xun sleeping on the floor. Minister Xie goes up and yells, "Sorcerer! Wake up!" "Quit disturbing me!" "Who's disturbing you! Pull him up." Sun rubs his eyes, and looks around. This is inside the palace, and it's golden all over. "Ay! Old Minister! Where the hell is this?" "In the palace." "What am I doing here in the palace?" "What? Did you forget? You're here to take the old Taoist's challenge. He's on the platform waiting for you. The Emperor also moved his throne outside to see you two duel." Sun was terrified, "What?!" He was, of course, completely drunk, and after sleeping for so long he had forgotten pretty much everything. After Minister Xie explains, he starts thinking: I've drank too much, and in my drunken stupor I took the imperial proclamation, I'm just a goddamn merchant, how the hell do I know how to duel with old Taoists? Besides, it appears that this guy is from another country, so he must have evil intentions. Now I've really done it! He immediately slaps himself in the face four times, "I'm an idiot! an idiot!" He kneels down to Minister Xie, "Old minister, I've had too much to drink! It was the alcohol! I'm a butcher, please find someone else to duel! I can't do this at all! If this isn't enough for you, please slap me some more, and let me go with the wind like a kite!" "Ah!?" Minister Xie's rage boiled over and he shook, his hat quaking. He's both angry and scared, "Oh? You had too much to drink? You're right, this is way too much! Can you still feel your head on your neck? Just slap you and let you go? You can say this to me, fine, if I tell the same to the Emperor, then I've deceived him and failed the country. Deceiving him might be no big deal, but the country will be in trouble. This old Taoist is already there, what is His Majesty going to say to him? How will the country handle the shame? Neither of us will keep our heads for this. You're the drunk idiot that pulled the proclamation and tricked the official in charge, I'm the one that failed in office and allowed idiots into the palace, and deceived the Emperor and failed the country. Even if we get our deserved death, what is the Emperor to do? He will lose face, and our China will lose face. The Ryukyu will be lord and Ming will be vassal, and the Empire will be destroyed and our people enslaved!" Sun Delong hears this and also starts to panic, which brought the alcohol back into his bloodstream, so he jumps up. "Old Minister, it's fine! If neither of us will live, then it's easy to deal with. If we're to die regardless of whether I duel the old Taoist or not, then let's just duel so at least we'll die with our wounds in front. Even if we lose our head, it's just going to be a scab the size of a bowl. Maybe I'm not as good at sorcery as he is, but it's not certain he can fight as well as me! Let's go find him." Minister Xie hears this and wonders, "Does he know how to duel or not?" "Just go!" Minister Xie, out of options, leads him to the platforms and points to the one in the east, "See? He's already meditating up there." Sun Delong takes a look and says, "Then I'm going on the other one. If we go on the same one, we'd fight for that territory." "Just go!" "How tall is it?" "Ten meters!" "Ten meters? Even if it's 30, that's no big deal, attendants!." "What for?" "Get me a ladder." "Ladders are a no-go, the Emperor has already ordered that you ride the wind or clouds, because the old Taoist took the wind up." The old Taoist, in fact, did not ride the wind. It's a trick. Inside his sleeve is an iron cylinder with wolf manure, charcoal, and Mayflower gloryberry inside, lit up. When he needs it, he shakes his robes and the cylinder's cover falls off, black smoke then pours out of it from his sleeves and neckline. Wolf manure provides the constant burn, but it's the mayflower that provides the black smoke that looks like a dark whirlwind surrounding him. Thus, with that cover he simply climbs up using hooks worn on his arm and legs. Sun Delong hears about wind and cloud, so he asks, "What kind of wind?" "Obviously, the Guiding Wind." "All I know is passing wind." "That won't do." "Fuck it then, I'm not going without a ladder." "Don't!" Sun Delong again panics and paces in circles around the platform. "Don't go there, the Emperor is there!" "I need to sneak a peek" Minister Xie was annoyed. Who peeks at the Emperor? "Who's sitting there?" Sun asks, "The Emperor, obviously." "So who's the eight giants next to him?" "That's the guards, The Golden Macemen." "What's that in their hands?" "The Golden Maces" "So bring the tallest one to me. I have something to discuss with him." Minister Xie goes and sees that it is in fact Hall of Supreme Harmony Guardsman of the First Class Bai Wenyuan. "Lord Bai, here's a friend that wants to meet you, the sorcerer Sun who's here to duel. This is Hall of Supreme Harmony Guardsman of the First Class Lord Bai Wenyuan" "Oh, Minister Bai, good tiding to you, please help me." "What do you need?" "I need to get up there" "What's that got to do with me?" "Without you I can't get up there." "How so?" "Think, this platform is ten meters tall, how tall are you?" "Me? His majesty only picks the tallest for his guard. I'm in fact two meters seven." "What about the golden mace?" "Handle is four meters two, three decimeters for the mace, total four meters five." "Ah, that's right. Four meters five plus two meters seven, that's seven meters two. It's only a bit from ten meters." What's he calculating? Bai Wenyuan wonders. "So, just let me sit on the mace, and you catapult me up there..." Sun says. "What? I...'ve never heard of this!" "If you don't, I'm leaving." Minister Xie immediately runs over, "Lord Bai, please help him and just give it a try." Bai Wenyuan was shaking with anger. Just what the hell is this? But he complies anyway. He lets Sun climb onto the mace, and vaults. With his strength, Sun flies 14 meters into the air, way past the platform. It would seem like Sun is in trouble because of the fall, but he was actually okay. Remember he has that meter and half hook? He reached the hook out to the platform to break his fall, and slid down it once it reached. Not only was he not injured, but he actually arrived standing up. The old Taoist was meditating with his eyes closed, so he didn't see what Sun Delong was doing at all. When he opened his eyes, all he saw was Sun descending from 14 meters in the air. He was frightened, "Wow! There are indeed talented people in China! I only rode the whirlwind, they came straight from heaven!" He then takes a look at Sun Delong and was even more frightened, "This man has fortuitous clouds at his feet and golden light protecting his body!" The reason is, of course, that Sun had kicked the incense pot over when he landed, and the incense ash poured out around him. As for the golden light, it's because of his oiled cotton clothes, which reflected brightly in the sunlight. Usually in battle, the side that loses their heart first loses, the old Taoist was shaking with fear. He warns himself to be careful, which only psyched himself out more. He holds out his hand and speaks. "Amita!" Even though he's short, his voice was like a bronze bell. The old Taoist has invoked his first chant, and Sun thinks to himself that he must return one. "Good stuff!" So the old Taoist says: "Amitabha!" And he hears that the old Taoist has added a syllable, so he adds a bunch. "A bunch of junk stuff!" The old Taoist was baffled. "I don't have that much stuff!" He thinks, "Might as well silently debate then!" He holds out a finger, which means: "Don't underestimate me, I have The One Buddha saluting me!" Sun of course, doesn't know that. He says he knew how to silently debate, but it's not the same thing. It's the kind of debate he has with customers in the butchery. He sees that the old Taoist has held out a finger, and was enraged, "What's this? He thinks he's one generation older than me? Fuck you!" He holds out two fingers. What does he mean? "You think you're my uncle? Your dad's two generations behind me!" The old Taoist thought, "Wow! My one finger is The One Buddha saluting me, so he counters with Two Saints shielding him!" He then raises three fingers, which means "The Three August ones rules the Earth". Sun Delong doesn't know, but he thinks: "This is a trick, he raises one so I give him two, he's going to give me three, but if I give him four he's giving me five, and I don't have six fingers to give back. Therefore, I'm taking the five first!" The old Taoist was amazed, "The Three August Ones rules the Earth" is indeed countered by "The Five Emperors are sovereign." He then slaps his chest, meaning "The One Buddha in my heart." Sun was again enraged, "So now you think you're my father-in-law?" He slaps his head, which means "You think you're my father-in-law? I'm slapping you and your daughter!" The old Taoist again saw that his "The One Buddha in my heart" being countered by "Heaven is above my head". The old Taoist had to evaluate his options - he couldn't win the silent debate, so he took the scroll paper and pulls his sword out. "What? Is he going to slit his own throat?" The Taoist cuts the paper into three pieces and drew a charm on each with the cinnabar brush. He lights the candelabrum and then the scroll with the candle. He starts chanting as he shakes his sword, and the scroll starts burning brighter, which he wants to use to burn Sun Delong. Sun Delong taunts him, "Playing with fire? Aren't you a bit old for this? If you play with fire too much you'll piss your bed at night, and your mother will spank you!" The old Taoist was incensed, so he continues to spin the fire, which grew from the size of a teacup to a plate. Why didn't it burn out the scroll? It's because the old Taoist has applied a special formula with the cinnabar to keep it burning. He threw the flaming scroll at the other platform, and it flew towards Sun's face. Sun dodges to the left and lets it pass, but his hair, which Ming Dynasty people usually wear in a bun on their head, caught fire, and half of his head was burnt off. Luckily for Sun, there was a bowl of rainwater on the platform, so he took it and put the fire out. The Old Taoist sees the charm has failed, so he starts burning the second one. Sun Delong sees this and was angered, "Oh, so you're kicking me while I'm down? You want to burn the other half so I'd have to become a monk and go beg for food with you? Fuck that! I'm attacking first!" He takes his hook and aims it at the old Taoist. The old Taoist was still chanting with his eyes closed, which gave Sun enough time to aim. He throws the pig hook tail first towards the old Taoist "Look at this stuff!" If he didn't yell this he'd hit the old Taoist in the face, but since he yelled, the old Taoist opens his eyes and sees something flying towards him. "Amita!" He yells and dodges to the right. The pole of course missed, but the hooks behind it didn't, and cleaves two strands of flesh right off the old Taoist's cheek. "Amitabhaaaaaaaaaaaa!" The old Taoist screams. Sun Delong taunts again, "Doesn't pay attention, take this stuff!" The old Taoist examines the pig hook and doesn't know what it is, and becomes more frightened, "Aya! I forgot he descended from heaven and has fortuitous clouds and golden light shielding him! This man is a true arhat and even has Gautama Buddha's Eight Treasures As-You-Will Purple Gold Hook!" Sun Delong was delighted! "Idiot! My hair can still grow back, what pot-fixer can repair your face?" This only served to frighten the old Taoist more, as he also noticed Sun's purse and wine bottle hanging on his belt. In his panic he thought they were the hundred-treasure pouch and heaven-flipping seal. As he kept frightening himself, he finally decided to use the foremost stratagem of the thirty six - retreat! "Amita! I'm going back to my country to report!" "If you leave I'm using my power!" "No, Don't! I'll report to your Emperor first!" The old Taoist leaps off the platform and runs up to the Hall of Supreme Harmony, kowtowing again and again. "Please forgive your vassal's transgressions! Please forgive your vassal's transgressions!" Of course, the Emperor didn't understand any of it. He only heard the stuff about "Amita" and "Good stuff" and didn't get it. He then saw the old Taoist setting things on fire and then Sun Delong putting it out with water. "Of course! Water beats fire!" He then saw the old Taoist lighting fire again, and was annoyed, but then while he was staring at the fire, he saw that the Taoist's cheeks were then gashed. He clapped happily, "We've won! Good! Good!" He saw that the old Taoist has descended and knew that the old Taoist admitted defeat. "What do you have to say?" "Ah! Your majesty! Please forgive us! We admit defeat and will tribute and declare every year!" "Of course! We must know, however, what is 'Amita'?" "That's how we Taoists greet people." "What about his 'Good stuff'?" "I don't know, what's good stuff?" "What about 'Amitabha'?" "It's also a greeting." "What about his 'A bunch of junk stuff!'?" "He has too much stuff" The old Taoist points to his cheek "Look at this stuff I took!" "Then what was that finger?" "The One Buddha saluting me!" "What about his two?" "Two Saints shielding him!" "What about your three?" "'The Three August Ones rules the Earth', then your sorcerer counters with 'The Five Emperors are sovereign.' I slapped my chest meaning 'The One Buddha in my heart', and he counters with a slap on his head meaning 'Heaven is above my head'". "So what about that fire?" "Please forgive me! I wanted to toss him off the platform." "For a man of mercy you sure are merciless! What about your face?" "Eight Treasures As-You-Will Purple Gold Hook." So then he was dismissed and goes to await the Emperor's judgment. The Emperor's attendant then looks on the platform "Wait, why is our sorcerer still up there?" Of course, Sun Delong couldn't get down, and he's pacing on the platform wondering if he had won or not. The Emperor sees and says, "Our sorcerer must be wounded by that demon fire, have somebody help him down." So immediately a ladder was raised and Sun Delong gets off the platform. Minister Xie walks over and says, "The Emperor requires your audience, just kowtow and try not to speak." Why? He's still afraid of that possible "Hey bro, long time no see". Sun Delong enters the Hall of Supreme Harmony and salutes the Emperor, "Hey!" Are you going to bite me? The Emperor wonders, but then Sun says. "I am kowtowing to your majesty." Of course, since he won, the Emperor was happy, "Raise your head." Normally, it's against protocol to raise your head and you're supposed to say, "It's a crime to" and the Emperor would then say, "We pardon it", but Sun Deleng doesn't know that and raises his head immediately to stare at the Emperor, "What?" The Emperor laughed, "So did you win or not?" Sun Delong is afraid of this, because he doesn't know if he won or not. He lowers his head. The Emperor asks again, "Did you win or not?" He turns his head and sees the old Taoist, so when the Emperor asks a third time, he answers, "Your majesty, I can't answer that. If I say I won, then I'm boasting, but if I say I didn't win, what did I come here for? If you don't have the skills you don't get the kills." Minister Xie is annoyed, "What's all this small talk?" "Please don't ask me who won, you should ask him. If he says I lost then I lost, if I said I won then I won. Old Taoist! If you say I lost, then let's go back up there for round two!" The old Taoist holds his cheek and says, "Please no! He won!" "What's the sorcerer's name?" The Emperor asks. "My name is Sun Delong and I live in the butchery street. The Delong Butchery is mine. I've never cheated a customer and you'll always get 16 ounces to your pound!" Who asked him about that? "So after you met, what's 'Amita'?" The Emperor asks. "Oh that's simple! I know him." The old Taoist was surprised. He knows me? I don't know him? "This man is here to beg for money." "Why 'Amita'?" "In my butchery, whenever someone comes to beg, if it's a monk they'll say 'Mitabha", if it's a Taoist they'll say, "Amita', both means 'Give me money.'" "Then what's 'Good stuff'?" "I said 'Good stuff' because I was thinking, 'How the hell is there another one when two already begged from me?" The old Taoist starts to grimace. "Then in the silent debate, what's that one finger?" Sun Delong however started thinking: Maybe the Emperor is going to punish the old Taoist, and the worst punishment is the nine familial exterminations. If I tell the Emperor about that generation stuff, then even if it's four generations apart it's still not out of the nine. I need to say something else. This is where the old Taoist is finally mentally slain: "Your majesty, we were discussing business." "How so? He sticks one out, you stick two, he then sticks three and you stick five. He slaps his chest and you slap your head. Isn't that silent debate?" "No, your majesty, it's business" "What kind of business?" "He knows I'm a butcher, and in his temple there's going to be a feast, so he wants to buy a pig. I tell him go ahead, I even have two for you. He wants one that's at least three hundred pounds, I tell him I've got ones that's more than five hundred pounds, he asks if the heart, liver and lungs come with it, and I tell him that he can have the pig head too!" tl'dr: Chinese xiangsheng piece parallel of the Muslim Ban joke that uGaryV83atWork put up.   If Bruno Mars married Venus Williams on Earth, do you think they'd have a Sun? Only if they planet.   Why did Adele cross the road? To say Hello from the other side.   My girlfriend wanted to act out a scene from Fifty Shades of Grey It was the scene where Christian wanted to buy Anastasia a new Audi...   I tried out for the suicide club But I just couldn't hang with them.   Me: I hate fucking laundry Dad: Well stop fucking it and fold it already.   Masturbation When I was a teenager my father told me "If you keep doing that you'll go blind". I said "Can't I just do it until I need glasses?" Proof: Glasses.   Man, those UC students after MILO... Must have been Burn-e supporters.   There are 3 types of republicans.. There are 3 camps of GOP supporters: 1 The McCain camp or Republicans 2 The McConnell camp or Republican'ts 3 The Trump Camp or Republicunts   The Trump Travel ban was refused due to lack of evidence.. Apparently "I know it, you know it, everybody knows it" wasn't enough   Why is it ridiculously easy to overcome the walls of Jerusalem? Because it's covered in holiness.   Why did the blind man fall into the well? Because he couldn't see that well.   I have never gone to bed with an ugly woman, but I have waken up next to some many of them   Grandpa's toothbrush Grandpa: I need a new toothbrush becuase one hair of it broke Shopkeeper: why do you want to buy a whole new brush when only one rush hair is broke? Grandpa: It was the only hair left   Why did the blonde climb the roof of the pub? The drinks were on the house.   Wanna hear an overused joke about necrophilia and bestiality? You're just fucking a dead horse... (Sorry if this is a repost, I heard this at school)   What two types of people don't care about age, Abortion clinics and necrophiliacs.   What is a mathematician's favorite thing to find in the woods? A log.   What kind of Bees give the Most Milk? Boo Bees   To gay guys first aid means Losing your virginity   What do a poultry farmer and a hooker have in common? They both raise cocks for a living.   I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant... But then I changed my mind   What's a Terrorists favourite category to watch on YouTube? Trending. Because all the videos there blow up.   Pacifism is a martial art. Its moves are designed to bruise the opponent's knuckles with your face.   Mary had a little lamb The doctor fainted.   The parrot without legs A guy is browsing in a pet shop and sees a parrot sitting on a little perch. It doesn't have any feet or legs. The guy says aloud, "Jeesh. I wonder what happened to this Parrot?" The parrot says, "I was born this way. I'm a defective parrot." "Holy shit," the guy replies. "You actually understood and answered me!" "I got every word," says the parrot. I happen to be a highly intelligent, thoroughly educated bird." "Oh yeah?", the guy asks, "Then answer this -- how do you hang onto your perch without any feet?" "Well," the parrot says, "this is very embarrassing but since you asked, I wrap my willie around this wooden bar like a little hook. You can't see it because of my feathers." "Wow" says the guy, "you really can understand and speak English, can't you!?" "Actually, I speak both Spanish and English and I can converse with reasonable competence on almost any topic: politics, religion, sports, physics, philosophy. I'm especially good at ornithology. You really ought to buy me. I'd be a great companion." The guy looks at the 200 price tag. Sorry, but I just can't afford that." "Pssssssst" says the parrot, "I'm defective, so the truth is, nobody wants me cause I don't have any feet. You can probably get me for 20, just make the guy an offer!" The guy offers 20 and walks out with the parrot. Weeks go by. The parrot is sensational. He has a great sense of humour, he's interesting, he's a great pal, he understands everything, he sympathizes, and he's insightful. The guy is delighted. One day the guy comes home from work and the parrot goes "Psssssssssssst" and motions him over with one wing. "I don't know if I should tell you this or not, but it's about your wife and the postman." "What are you talking about?" asks the guy. "When the postman delivered today, your wife greeted him at the door in a sheer black nightie and kissed him passionately." "WHAT???" the guy asks incredulously. "THEN what happened?" "Well, then the postman came into the house and lifted up her nightie and began petting her all over" reported the parrot. "My God!" he exclaims. "Then what?" "Then he lifted up the nightie, got down on his knees and began to lick her all over, starting with her breasts and slowly going down..." "WELL???" demands the frantic guy, "THEN WHAT HAPPENED?" "Damned if I know. I got a hard-on and fell off my perch."   I like my friends like my chromosomes Not enough.   What did the cheese say to the other cheese after a game of tennis? That was a "Gouda" Game!   A blonde and a brunette are walking in a park, the brunette says awwww look a dead bird poor thing. The blonde looks up and says where?   A Nazi goes to a bar... A Nazi goes to a bar, looks around, and sees an Orthodox Jew sitting at a nearby table. "Barkeep!", he says, "A round on me for everyone but that gentleman right there." Everyone in the bar receives a cocktail, he looks over at the Jew and notices him smiling back. The Nazi is not amused, goes back to the bar "Barkeep! I want to order a second round for everyone but him, and this time make it all top shelf". Nazi looks again at the Jew, sees him STILL smiling back. "Is that Jew an idiot or what?" Bartender responds: "Oh no my friend, that's the owner."   What do you call a gay midget with great timing? A Metro-Gnome   When I was a kid I asked my mum what a couple was... She said: 'Oh, two or three'. Now, she wonders why her marriage didn't work.   I found a copy of Mission Impossible 3 among my blu-rays the other day... I thought to myself: 'It's not really impossible if he's already done it twice."   Dinner A husband and a wife sit at the table, having dinner. The woman drops a bit of tomato sauce on her white top. "Och, I look like a pig!" The man nods, "And you dropped tomato sauce on your top!"   A teacher asks her student a question... "if there's two birds on a power line and somebody shoots one of them, how many birds are left?" " Zero" the boy said "the others would have flown away" "Actually the correct answer is two" said the teacher "but I like where your heads at." The boy came back to school next day and asked the teacher a question. "If there's three women sitting on a bench eating ice cream and one is licking their ice cream, one is chomping on theirs and the other is sucking on theirs, which one is married?" The teacher answered "the woman sucking her ice cream." The boy replied "actually it's the one with the wedding ring but I like where your heads at."   Stevie Wonder got a cheese grater for Christmas He said it was the most violent book he'd ever read   Bored Proctologist A Proctologist who got tired of his profession decided to follow his lifelong dream and become a mechanic. After 2 years of school, he took a final exam where he passed with 150 percent. Confused, the Ex Proctologist asked how that was possible. The teacher replied that he received 50 points for correctly disassembling the motor, 50 points for correctly reassembling the motor, and 50 points for doing everything through the exhaust pipe.   A little boy caught a priest masterbating... "What are you doing?" asked the boy. I'm Masterbating. You'll be doing is soon enough." explained the priest. "Why?" asked the boy. "Because my wrist is god damn exhausted!!"   My dentist gives me cavity searches all the time. I think I need a new dentist..   I'm participating in a marathon this year. I'm the guy that pours cups of water for the runners.   What did Donald Trump say after getting catfished? FAKE NUDES!   I gave my cows ecstasy thinking they'll make more milk But the steaks were high.   Why did the guitar teacher get arrested? Because he was an arsonist.   I knew this girl that tried to trade sex for adderall. What an attention whore.   Three guys were sitting in a bar talking. One was a Doctor, one was a Lawyer, and one was a Biker. After a sip of his martini, the doctor said; "You know, tomorrow is my anniversary. I got my wife a diamond ring and a new Mercedez. I figure that if she doesn't like the diamond ring, she will at least like the Mercedez, and she will know that I love her." After finishing his scotch, the lawyer replied; "Well, on my last anniversary, I got my wife a string of pearls and a trip to the Bahamas. I figured if she didn't like the pearls, she would at least like the trip, and she would know that I love her." The Biker then took a big swig from his beer, and said; "Yah, well for my anniversary, I got my old lady a tee-shirt and a vibrator. I figured if she didn't like the tee-shirt, she could go fuck herself."   Me in a nutshell: Agh! What the Hell! Why am I in a nutshell!   Three missionaries in Africa Three missionaries are going to evangelize tribes in the deep jungle, where they heard dangerous tribes exist. What had to happen happened, and they got caught by a warriors tribe. Everybody is killed except the missionaries and one native interpreter. The tribe chief tells the first missionary: "You have been considered by the mighty tribe of Koungata. Now you have to choose: Tounga, or death. - Well, said the missionary, I don't know Tounga but anything is better than death! I choose Tounga. - Very well! Tounga it is, then." Then three huge warriors approach, bend the missionary over and have their way with him, brutally. The screams can be heard for a full hour. Then it's the turn of the second missionary, who is deathly pale but still choose Tounga, and gets pounded by three new huge warriors. When it's the turn of the third missionary, he just can't take it and says: " I can't, this is too much, I'd rather die a martyr than suffer such indignity! I choose death! - Very well, answers the chief, you chose death. You will have death, by Tounga !   I too believe more women should be in Government. That's why I support Betsy DeVos.   What direction was Kanye West facing when his dough was rising? Yeast ;D cringe   They say you should work until your bank account looks like a phone number. I checked my balance and realized, if that was true, I could retire! I have 9.11 in my account.   Why did the squirrel blush after he was hit by a car? He was flattered.   A 4 letter word for "talks nonstop" I keep trying to enter girl, but it doesn't work. I think the writers did this wrong.   Arnold Schwarzenegger, Sylvester Stallone and Jason Statham were sitting around a table When they came up for an idea for a TV series based on the lives of classical musicians. They had all the details nailed down: the music, the plot, the decor, etc. However, they couldn't decide which character each actor was going to play in the series. Eventually, the three came to an agreement. Stallon said: "I like Canon in D, so i'll be Pachelbel" Statham said: "I like Moonlight Sonata, so i'll be Beethoven" Schwarzenegger said: "I like Toccata and Fugue, so i'll be Bach"   A neutron walks into a bar and says "how much for a drink?" The bartender says, "for you, no charge!"   When Life gives you a cheese grater... You hold it up and say, 'Life's grate'.   Where do suicide bombers go when they die? All over the place   What do you call a group of terrorists with music degrees? Al coda   An Archaeologist Found an Ancient Vase at a Dig Site... and as he began to inspect the runes carved in it, he started dusting it off, and a genie came screaming out of it in rage. "Who disturbs my slumber! I have been asleep for thousands of years, and you dare to wake me? I should kill you where you stand!" The archaeologist, whose name was Benjamin, cowered in terror as the genie fumed before him, hoping that the genie's rage might be sated without him ending up dead. "Fine," the genie grumbled finally after a tense silence. "I will let you live, with one condition. You must not shave or cut the hair on your head, for when you do, I will turn you into an urn just like the one from which I came. Remember! I will not forget." As Benjamin timidly removed his arm from his face, he saw a flash of light, and poof the genie was no more, and only the urn remained to remind him of the curse that had been placed upon him. Finishing up his business at the dig site, he returned home to his job in artifact restoration at a museum in the city where he lived. The genie's urn he had left in the tomb where it lay, sealing the room shut when the expedition had left. After many years had passed, Benjamin began to have difficulty dealing with his hair. A scraggly mustache and beard drooped down his chin to his chest, and his shoulder-length hair was a constant irritation whenever he looked in the mirror. Finally, after a day of itching and scratching at his face and head, he gave up. "Surely the genie will not carry out the curse. Maybe if I just trimmed my beard a bit, he would let me alone." The next few minutes found Benjamin in his bathroom facing the mirror, scissors in hand. Taking a deep breath, he placed the scissors close to his chin to cut off the ends of his beard. His hand began to close, and just as the first few strands of hair were severed from his body--- "FOOL! You ignored my command, and for that, you shall die!" shouted the genie, who appeared out of nowhere. Suddenly, Benjamin was no more, and all that was left was an ancient-looking urn on the ground where his feet had been planted. And that was the end of Benjamin. Now, what can we learn from this sad, sad tale? ... ... ... A Benny shaved, is a Benny urned.   Hear about the famous chain-smoking Dutch painter? Vincent Van Cough   My girlfriend found one of my puns so funny that she flew into space and told it to an alien. Unfortunately, the alien didn't laugh. Personally, I think she took the joke a bit too far.   I went by the house I grew up in and asked if I can take a look around, but they said "no" and slammed the door on me My parents can be real jerks sometimes.   The dad, husband and pastor of a woman arrive outside a hospital delivery room The nurse stated that the hospital policy only allowed one person to be in the delivery room with the woman. Unfortunately, all 3 became confused when the woman giving birth screamed, "FATHER I NEED YOU".   I like my men like I like my coffee Made by my mother-in-law.   A female weightlifter goes to the doctor A female weightlifter goes to the doctor and says "I've been taking steroids that long I've grown a cock" Doctor "Anabolic"? Female " No, just a cock"   taxi A taxi passenger tapped the driver on the shoulder to ask him a question. The driver screamed, lost control of the car, nearly hit a bus, went up on the sidewalk, and stopped inches from a shop window. For a second, everything went quiet in the cab, then the driver said, "Look friend, don't ever do that again. You scared the daylights out of me!" The passenger apologized and said he didn't realize that a little tap could scare him so much. The driver replied, "Sorry, it's not really your fault. Today is my first day as a cab driver - I've been driving a hearse for the last 25 years."   Blind man During summer there was a day that was so hot it was almost unbearable. In an old church, with no fans or air conditioning there was two nuns and a priest. The nuns clothing was making them so hot since it was not very breathable material. So they decided to go to the priest and ask, "Father, can we please remove these clothes! It is just too hot and we can not take it anymore!", to which the priest replied, "Absolutely not! It is forbidden to be nude around others as a nun!". The nuns were very disheartened, and were becoming emotional. The priest see's this and as he is a kind man he offers a compromise, "You may remove your clothing but as long as you stay in your rooms, lock the doors, and allow no one in with your clothes off!". The nuns were extremely happy with this and ran off to their rooms as quickly as possible, and undressed. A couple hours later, one of the nuns hears a knock on the door, knock knock knock. She is surprised since there is supposed to be no one around besides the other none and priest. She calls out "Who is it? What do you want?", a mans voice replies with "Its the blind man." The nun is very relieved as she does not have to get dressed since the man is blind and can not obviously see her with no clothes on. So she opens the door and greets the man, "Hi sir, what can I help you with?" and the man replies with "Nice tits sister, now where can I put these blinds?"   bad ass A Marine Aviator lands on an Aircraft Carrier. He gets out of his aircraft and has a shoe box under his arm. He goes down to the Mess Hall for lunch, looks around and says " I"m the baddest dude on this ship and I can prove it"! He opens the shoe box and pulls out a snapping turtle. He pokes the turtle in the eyes, it opens its mouth and he pulls his dick out of his pants and puts it into the turtles mouth. The turtle starts biting down, blood is shooting all over and everyone in the Mess Hall is shocked. He pokes the turtle in the eyes again it opens its mouth and he puts his dick back into his pants. He looks around and says " any of you bad enough to do that"! A young Navy Recruit from the back says " I'LL give it a try, just don't poke me in the eyes"!   The biggest question of our generation... Who makes the sandwich in a lesbian relationship?   A father-son talk A father asked his 12 year old son if he knew how babies were made, so the kid started crying: I don't want to know! Please don't tell me! The confused father asked the boy why he didn't want to know. "Because when I was 6 I was told the easter bunny wasn't real. When I was 7 you told me the tooth fart wasn't real and when I was 10 I found out santa wasn't real! Now you're gonna tell me adults don't actually screw?!"   Here's the thing about George Clooney's wives... Once you've seen one, you've seen Amal.   How long are math snakes? 3.14 feet. Well, at least the thon is (I'm so sorry)   Can a woman make a man a millionaire? Yes, if he's a billionaire.   What happens after NASA farts? It apollogises.   Why did Bobby Shmurda go to jail? He was convicted with second degree shmurder   Life is like a chalk of boxlets... Ya never know what yer gonna ship.   Trump heard that some of Patriots weren't coming to the White House. They say he was deflated.   Snowman puns to celebrate the snowstorm in my area What do vampires get when they bite snowmen? "Frostbite" What is a snowman's favorite cereal? "Snowflakes" Why didn't the snowman answer the question? "He didn't snow the answer" What does a snowman like to ride? "An icicle" How can you tell a snowman is angry at you? "You get the cold shoulder... or an icy stare"   I'm almost a millionaire! I have all the zeros, just looking for the one.   I was having trouble staying awake at work but my coworker beat me to the last cup of coffee in the pot. It's like they say: if you lose you snooze.   Does anyone else get as excited about Valentine's Day coming up as they did about Christmas when they were little? Or is it just because I'm Jewish?   What do you call a pencil that won't draw on colored paper? An erase-ist (e-racist).   What did the doctor say to the annoying patient who didn't like the way he was stitching up his cut? Suture self.   Two black guys are pissing off a dock and into a lake... Two black guys are pissing off a dock and into a lake... ...one guy says to the other: "Man, this water's cold!" The other guy replies: "And deep too!"   After accidentally shooting his pet with the shrink ray, my friend decided to give the pet away. It's my newt now.   Why do hipsters love field hockey? Because it's ice hockey before it gets cool.   When are men the smartest? NSFW Before sex, during sex, or after sex? During sex because he's plugged into miss know it all! Edit: a word   An Englishman, an Irishman and a Scotsman.. A Scotsman, an Irishman, and an Englishman are each sentenced to a year in solitary confinement; before being locked away, each is to be granted a year's supply of whatever he wants to help him get through the long, long spell alone. The Scotsman asks for a year's supply of whisky; it's given to him and he's locked away. The Irishman asks for a year's supply of Guinness so he's locked up with several thousand bottles of it. The Englishman asks for a year's supply of cigarettes and he's given a pile of cartons and the cell door is shut on him. One year later, the doors are all unlocked. The Scotsman staggers out and shouts, 'I'm free!' and then keels over dead from alcohol poisoning. The Irishman is dragged out into the light, whereupon he promptly dies of liver failure. When the door to the Englishman's cell is opened, everybody watches eagerly to see what sort of a wreck the man has made of himself. To their surprise, he walks right out the door, sidles up to the first person he sees, and asks, 'I say you wouldn't happen to have a match, would you?'   What did a passing motorist say to the elderly SS Officer? Give it some gas grandpa!   My friend told me to try out a gloryhole, since you can pretend it's a woman on the other side I've sucked 5 dicks so far and I still have no idea how this is supposed to work   I prayed to god to end violence on earth. He responded to my ticket saying "You shouldn't have rolled on a PvP server"   A Young guy from Nebraska A young guy from Nebraska moves to Florida and goes to a big "everything under one roof" department store looking for a job. The Manager says, "Do you have any sales experience?" The kid says, "Yeah. I was a salesman back in Omaha." Well, the boss liked the kid and gave him the job. "You start tomorrow." I'll come down after we close and see how you did." His first day on the job was rough, but he got through it. After the store was locked up, the boss came down. "How many customers bought something from you today? The kid says, "One". The boss says, "Just one? Our sales people average 20 to 30 customers a day. How much was the sale for?" The kid says, "101,237.65 ". The boss says, "101,237.65? What the heck did you sell?" The kid says, "First, I sold him a small fish hook. Then I sold him a medium fishhook. Then I sold him a larger fishhook. Then I sold him a new fishing rod. Then I asked him where he was going fishing and he said down the coast, so I told him he was going to need a boat, so we went down to the boat department and I sold him a twin engine Boston Whaler. Then he said he didn't think his Honda Civic would pull it, so I took him down to the automotive department and sold him that 4x4 Expedition." The boss said, "A guy came in here to buy a fish hook and you sold him a BOAT and a TRUCK?" The kid said, "No, the guy came in here to buy Tampons for his wife, and I said, 'Dude, your weekend's shot, you should go fishing.'"   A man farted every morning when he woke up. His wife got very annoyed and disgusted by this, so she made a plan to get him to stop. One day after the man farted, she said "honey, you know if you keep forcing those farts every morning your guts will slip right out." You see, the wife was a butcher. That night she took some pig's guts home from the shop in a cooler and stuffed them in the man's pants while he was sleeping. The next morning the wife woke up and her husband was in the bathroom for the next 2 hours. He comes out and the wife asks what he had been doing in there. The man replied "You were right about my guts dear, but with the help of God and my own two fingers I managed to get them back up there!"   The only person in my life that told me to smile... Was the camera man.   Fun fact: there are obese people outside the USA yeah, fat americans on vacation...   Someone once asked me why I don't tell 'your mom' jokes... I responded by saying that 'your mom' are so overused. Just like your mom   Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle? Mr. Pibb can't perform.   for those of you with a sense of humour and are sick of car ads try this when you see a car ad in your mind replace the word "car" with "cat" when you look at your cat heshe will think your ready for the loonie bin   I need to find the watch I misplaced But I can't seem to find the time.   In the beginning, God created the dog. He told it, "For 20 years, you are to sit near the door and bark at whoever walks by." The dog responded, "20 years? That's a long time to do that. How about I do that for 10 years and give you back the remainder?" God agreed. He then created the monkey and told it, "For 20 years, you are to entertain and bring joy to others." The monkey replied, "20 years is a long time to do that. What if I do it for 10 years and give you back the rest of the time?" God agreed. He proceeded to create the cow to which He told, "For 40 years, you are to slave and provide others with milk and labor." The cow protested, "That's a long time to do that. What if I do half and give you back the remainder?" God agreed. He finally created man and said to him, "For 25 years, you are to eat, sleep, marry, and have fun." Man asks, "Only 25 years? That's not nearly enough time. Couldn't you give me the remainder of the time that the animals gave back?" God agreed. That is why now after marriage, we spend 20 years slaving and providing for our family, 10 years entertaining our grandchildren, and 10 more years sitting near the door and barking at whoever walks by.   (NSFW) Someone ordered pizza to the twin towers on 911... They got two large plains   This joke is ironic. This joke is not ironic. Isn't that ironic?   People need to learn to live in the moment, because the here and now is a special gift. Thats why I call it the present.   Why are black people so loud? Because they think we can't hear them ;)   Friend asked to use my phone to call his mom.. Told him to just hit redial.   John, Ted and Dave went to have an adventure in the Amazon Jungle... ...unfortunately, they we're captured by a local cannibal tribe. The tribe leader gave them each a chance to live and be escorted out of the forest with one condition, they have to pass the tribe leader's trial: To go find a fruit and go back with it. John was the first one to come back and brought an apple with him. The leader then instructed that the fruit be inserted up John's ass for 5 seconds without him having any facial reactions. 3 seconds in and he let out a huge painful cry. The leader signaled his men to behead John and so they did. Ted was next and brought a blueberry with him, he was instructed to do the exact same thing that John did. A split second remaining for the countdown to finish when Ted laughed uncontrollably, letting out tears. He was beheaded almost instantly. In the afterlife, John asked why Ted did what he did when he was surely about to be spared by his life. Ted answered, "Dave was coming back carrying a fucking huge jackfruit, what the hell am i supposed to do?"   Who is Frosty the Snowman's most favorite comedian? Bill Brrrrr. I'll see myself out...   A group of Boy Scouts and their leader were walking through a forest one day. They found their campsite and began to pitch their tents. There were ten boys, and each one had a tent. Once they were finished, they lit a campfire. They roasted marshmallows over the fire and sang songs until it was very late into the night. Each boy went into his own tent and into his own sleeping bag. At about two o'clock in the morning, there was a rustle in the bushes. The boys and their leader all woke up. Each one got out of his sleeping bag and then out of his tent to see what was making the noise. Once outside, the Boy Scouts found a large purple spotted monster with ten arms. The boys tried to run away, but each of the purple spotted monster's arms caught one boy. The monster quickly devoured all the scouts it had caught. The Boy Scout leader watched in horror because there was nothing he could do. He ran away as quickly as he could. He ran through the forest and all the way back to the Boy Scout base. When he got there, he was completely out of breath. The other leaders looked at him and asked what was wrong. "Well, we set up camp as usual. Then, in the middle of the night, we heard a rustle. When we got out of our tents to see what it was, we found a purple spotted monster. The monster had ten arms and caught all ten boys. It gobbled them all up and there was nothing I could do" "You must be lying. Tell us where the scouts really are." "I'm not lying: that was the whole troop and nothing but the troop."   NSFW What does a superstitious pimp check every day? His whore-o-scope.   A friend told me that laughter is the best medicine Now I understand why Jeff Dunham is so sick all the time   What type of bakery has the fastest service? A Russian bakery.   A man isn't happy with the size of his... long John has a date planned with a very attractive young lady in a few weeks, and he's a bit nervous. You see, John is a fairly successful single man. He's got good looks, money, a luxurious loft apartment, and a convertible sports car. You can be sure that all of the ladies want him, but of all the things he has, there is one thing that he just wasn't happy with: the size of his penis. John decides he has enough money to get a penis enlargement. I mean, if a woman can get her barely an A mosquito bites exploded into bodacious DD tatas, then why can't he go from teenage Asian to Mandingo? So John makes an appointment to see a penis enlargement specialist. After waiting a few days he finally gets into his appointment he has been so anxious about. The surgeon asks: "So what can I do for you today John?" to which John replies "Y'know doc, I'm just not too happy with the size of my penis. It's kind of... small." The doctor thinks for a minute and then says: "Well, John, unfortunately I'm fresh out of penises at the moment. We won't really be able to do anything for you until I get my next shipment in a couple months." John seems devastated. He can't believe that he has to go on this date knowing this girl will laugh as soon as she catches a glimpse of his little Vienna sausage. He begs the doctor: "Please! There has to be something you can do to help me. I'm begging you!" The doctor responds: "Hmm.. give me just a moment." He walks out of the room, and returns a few minutes later. "I have potential good news for you John, but I'm not sure if you're going to be up for it. You see, I'm fresh out of penises, but I do have this baby elephant trunk. I know it's a bit odd, but it will make Mandingo looks like a little school boy." John thinks for a minute, and decides it isn't such a bad idea. "Anything is better than what I'm packing right now." John says. John schedules the procedure, and ends up recovering a few days before his date. The big day comes, and John is more confident than ever. He picks her up in the roadster, makes undeniably confident eye contact, and is making her laugh all the way to the restaurant. Really, everything has been going beautifully. They arrive at a fancy restaurant, valet parks his car, and they are seated immediately. A minute later the waiter comes with a basket of bread rolls, places them on the table, and asks what they would like to drink. John orders them both the most expensive bottle of wine they had. The waiter leaves to retrieve the wine while John and his beautiful date look over the menu. John tells her that she can have anything she'd like. "Don't even look at the pricing, money isn't an issue." he says. The waiter returns with the wine, and they place their order. While waiting for their food they decide to dig into the rolls. They both get a roll, butter it, and begin eating. Everything seems dandy, and then out of nowhere a baby elephant trunk SHOOTS up from under the table, grabs a roll, and disappears. John's date was amazed. "WOAH! Can you do that again?!" she said. To which he replied: "I can, but I don't think I could fit another roll up my ass."   What's the quickest way to get in touch with your inner self? Single-ply toilet paper   Clothing related typos... They're the vest   Queen Elizabeth may have lived to be 102, but Diana got up to 120 when she died.   What is the church music director's biggest fear? Crabs on their organ.   I said hello to a feminist today. Trials start next week.   What kind of cheese is not yours? American cheese.   I went to a seafood disco last night Pulled a mussel   The pension office demanded my 86 year old grandfather prove his age. He had no copy of his birth certificate and his driver's license had long since expired. But, he went to the office and demanded to see his administrator. He took off his hat, showed his white hair and balding head and said, "There, is that proof enough I'm old enough to receive a pension?" The administrator agreed and cut him his check. He proudly returned home to show grandmother and she said, "Great, but you should have taken off your pants and shown him your willy too, you would have got disability benefits."   An African immigrant just arrived in Italy and doesn't know how to make money He asks another immigrant, "So, how do you survive here?" The immigrant says, "Well, it's very easy. You put up a sign around your neck saying you're hungry, and let people give you money. 8 hours a day, and you make around 50-60." "Wow", says the African immigrant, "I'll try to follow your advice. Thank you." After a year, the two meet again. The African immigrant is surprisingly wealthy. He wears a custom made Gucci tuxedo, a Rolex, and his hands are full of golden ornaments. "How did you become so rich?!" the immigrant asks. The African immigrant replies, "I followed your advice. I put a sign saying I'm an immigrant, I want to go home, please help me"   Why do churches hate geometry? There's too many sins involved.   Why didn't the Koala get the job? He didn't have... The Koala-fications.   What do you get when you combine Richard Simmons with Stephen Hawking? A fruit and a vegetable.   People keep asking me what I'll be doing in 3 years time Like come on guys I don't have 2020 vision   Tom Brady has a perfect record in the Super Bowl He's 5 out of 7.   Trump plan to alleviate world hunger and illegal immigration . . . . . . he's going to round up all illegal aliens and issue them Soylent Green cards   What's the difference between a hookers and a drug dealer? A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.   I had a dream last night that I was reading Lord of the Rings to people. Turns out I was just Tolkien in my sleep.   Who is the third member in a German and Russian gangbang? Poland   A marketing executive walks into a bar I guess it was set too low.   What does Altoid mean? I've always wondered what that word mint   Superman was flying above Metropolis When he saw Wonder Woman sunbathing on the roof of the Justice League, totally naked. Superman thinks to himself, 'Hey, I'm Superman, I could fly down there really fast and fuck Wonder Woman, and she'd never know.' So Superman flies down and fucks Wonder Woman so fast she doesn't even see him. When he's done, Wonder Woman sits up and says "What the fuck was that?", To which the Invisible Man replies, "I dunno, but my asshole is killing me."   What did the chemist shout, noticing only half his water was deuterated? DOH   A new priest is nervous about mass. After mass he asked the monsignor how he had done. The monsignor replied, "When I am worried about getting nervous on the pulpit, I put a glass of vodka next to the water glass. if I start to get nervous, I take a sip." So next Sunday he took the monsignor's advice. At the beginning of the sermon, he got nervous and took a drink. He proceeded to talk up a storm. Upon his return to his office after mass, he found the following note on the door: 1.There are 10 commandments, not 12. 2.There are 12 disciples, not 10. 3.Jesus was consecrated, not constipated. 4.Jacob wagered his donkey, he did not bet his ass. 5.We do not refer to Jesus Christ as the late J. C. 6.The Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are not referred to as Daddy, Junior and the Spook. 7.David slew Goliath, he did not kick the shit out of him. 8.When David was hit by a rock and was knocked off his donkey,don't say he was stoned off his ass. 9.We do not refer to the cross as the "Big T." 10.When Jesus broke the bread at the Last Supper he said, "Take this and eat it for it is my body." He did not say "Eat me" 11.The Virgin Mary is not called "Mary with the Cherry," 12.The recommended grace before a meal is not: Rub- A-Dub-Dub thanks for the grub, yeah God. 13.Next Sunday there will be a taffy pulling contest at St. Peter's, not a Peter pulling contest at St. Taffy's 14. Sip the Vodka, don't drink it.   What does America and Apple both have in common? They both started to de-port when jobs died.   This valentines day be sure not to buy flowers from any Monks. Because only you can prevent florist friars!   What do you call a fat girl in yoga pants at Walmart? Cashier   Only 1940 kids will get this A job   Politics Is mental gymnastics an Olympic Sport? If it is, Sean Spicer could take home the gold, silver and bronze for the US.   I have a date for Valentinesday 14. February   Trump's preparing Mexico for the Olympics. Every Mexican took gold in the pole vault.   How many gay men does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Just one, but it takes the entire ER staff to get it out.   I'm gonna name my first kid Robot. That way no matter what he'll always have a job!   I used to steal toys from the hobby shop, but they caught me when I started taking the Airfix sets I would have gotten away with it, too, if it weren't for you modelling kits!   What did the Chinese cat say? mao   The terra-cotta warriors are fake They were mass-produced in Chinese sweatshops.   Did you hear the one about my hairy, cannibalistic uncle? He was an aunt-eater.   Why was the guitar teacher arrested? For fingering a minor.   I tried out for suicide club I didn't make the cut   What do you call the presidential toilet? The Donald Dump.   What do you call two lesbians in a closet? A Liquor Cabinet   The boys asked, "Grandma, are you watching today's football match?" She asks which match. "Austria-Hungary". She answers "Against whom?" Stolen from rwitze.   I am very happy with my wife. She likes to compliment me from time to time..... Otherday she was telling me that I have the biggest cock among my friends.   An Irishman walks into a bar and orders three beers. The bartender gives him a strange look, but serves him his drinks. The Irishman takes them to a booth, clinks them together, and drinks them all. He then goes back to the bartender and orders another three beers, which he proceeds to drink in the same fashion. On his third round, the bartender can't help but ask him "excuse me sir, I couldn't help but notice that your order your drinks in threes, if you don't mind telling me, I was wondering why that is" The Irishman grins and says "Well, I just moved here from me hometown. When me and me two best mates split ways, we agreed that we'd always have a drink for each other when we went out, so that we always drink together." The bartender nods understandingly, and serves him his drinks. The Irishman keeps up this routine, coming to the bar at least twice a week and ordering three drinks at a time. One day the Irishman walks in, solemnly makes his way to bar, and orders two beers. The patrons and the bartender all see this, and they assume that something terrible has happened to one of his friends. However, they don't want to disturb him in his time of grief, so they refrain from asking him anything. When he goes to order his second round, the bartender can't help but remark "I'm so sorry for your loss". The Irishman looks up and says "Me loss!? What in tarnation are ye talking aboot?" The bartender says "Well when you bought two drinks, I assumed that one of your friends had passed" The Irishman laughs and says "No, nothing of the sort. I quit drinking is all".   What is Donald Trump's least favorite state? New Mexico.   What did the Valley Girl say when she could only understand even numbers? I can't odd   Smokers go out in the cold for 10 minutes a day and freeze their asses off in the winter and what do they do they get in return? Cancer.   "Shoveling snow is great exercise" - Satan   Poor farmers Farmers are having an awful time at the moment in Ireland. No grants, no profit, just terrible. John: "Well Tom how are things, how's the farming?" Tom: "Bad John, I think I'm going to switch from milking cows to raising cocks" John: "Why is that?" Tom: "Well farmers need the cocks to breed with the hens so there will be a rake of money in it." John: "How many cocks have you got?" Tom: "Only the 3, come down to the haggard and I'll show you. One is normal, one is dyslexic and the other is gay." Cock 1: "Cockle-Doodle-Doo!" Cock 2: "Doodle-Doo-A-Cock!" Cock 3: "Any-Cock'll-Doo!"   What do a pulse and an orgasm have in common? I don't care if she has either.   Have you heard the joke of the traveler? Wait until he arrives, then he will tell you.   Cultural Difference A man and his mail order bride, straight from China, are lying in bed when the man suddenly feels the urge to have sex. He looks at his wife and says "Our sex life is kind of boring, we should do something different." "Like what?" inquires his wife. "How about 69?" he replies. The wife ponders a moment and says "That different, yes, but why you want broccoli egg roll and shrimp-fried rice to have sex?"   Why is Tumblr bad for you? Because it contains too much Transfat.   Norwegians in Minnesota One dark night outside a small town in Minnesota, a fire started inside the local chemical plant and in a blink of an eye it exploded into massive flames. The alarm went out to all the fire departments for miles around. When the volunteer fire fighters appeared on the scene, the chemical company president rushed to the fire chief and said, "All our secret formulas are in the vault in the centre of the plant. They must be saved. I will give 50,000 to the fire department that brings them out intact." But the roaring flames held the fire fighters off. Soon more fire departments had to be called in as the situation became desperate. As the firemen arrived, the president shouted out that the offer was now 100,000 to the fire department that could bring out the company's secret files. From the distance, a lone siren was heard as another fire truck came into sight. It was the nearby Norwegian rural township volunteer fire company composed mainly of Norwegians over the age of 65. To everyone's amazement, that little run-down fire engine roared right past all the large newer fire trucks that were parked around the plant. Without even slowing down, the old truck drove straight into the middle of the inferno. Outside, the other fire fighters watched as the Norwegian old timers jumped off right in the middle of the fire and fought it back on all sides. It was a performance and effort never seen before. Within a short time, the Norske old timers had the fire well under control and had saved the secret formulas. The grateful chemical company president announced that for such a superhuman feat he was upping the reward to 200,000, and walked over to personally thank each of the brave fire fighters. The local TV news reporter rushed in to capture the event on film, asking their chief, "What are you going to do with all that money?" "Vell," said Ole Larsen, the 70-year-old fire chief, "Da first thing ve gonna do is fix da brakes on dat focking truck!"   Back in my day, we didn't have MTV... We had to smoke pot and watch the radio!   Pretty lady sits next to a man at a bar Man: You're beautiful. Your definitely going to get laid tonight! Lady: You're cocky. How do you know that? Man: Because I'm stronger than you.   What do you call a Hispanic sniper? A Puerto-recon.   Bob and Jim walk into a bar "Hey Donkeyboy, get me a drink." The bartender gets him a drink. Bob says, "Donkeyboy, get me another drink." The bartender gets him another drink. Finally, Jim asks the bartender, "Why does he call you Donkeyboy?" "I don't know. Hehaw-hehaw-he always calls me that."   What are the three greatest lies? a)the check is in the mail b)small is beatiful c)I won't come in your mouth   A millennial moves house... Knock knock Who dis? New door   I'm so racist, I would only date from the one true race... ...The human race   I was going to push Donald Trump into a vat of wet cement but I decided not to... ...It would have really set a bad president.   What is the shittiest part of Object Oriented Programming? Reading the abbreviation backwards.   I booked a table for me and my girl... for valentines day. shes going to go mental she hates snooker   I love to squeeze my girlfriend when she is on her period. She is like my little ketchup packet .   Dad Joke It was my birthday an me and my Dad were driving on the highway when we saw a terrible accident. My Dad said "This is the worst accident I've seen in 20years!" Well yeah it was my 20th birthday.   Adam was walking around the Garden of Eden feeling very lonely, so God asked Adam, "What is wrong with you?" Adam said, "Lord, I don't have anyone to talk to." God said, "Then I will give you a companion, and she will be called a 'woman'. This person will cook for you and wash your clothes, she will always agree with every decision you make. She will bear your children and never ask you to get up in the middle of the night to take care of them. She will not nag you, and will always be the first to admit she was wrong when you've had a disagreement. She will never have a headache, and will freely give 'love' and compassion whenever needed. She will never question your behaviour or the company you keep. She will support you and understand that you have important decisions to make throughout your life and don't have time for nonsense..." Adam asked God, "What will this woman cost?" God said, "An arm and a leg..." Adam said, "What can I get for just a rib?"   A museum curator obtains a valuable painting called "The Joke" The painting is put on exhibit, and to celebrate its arrival the museum throws a large party. Everyone there has an amazing time, and leaves very happy. The curator in all his excitement forgets to lock the museum. When he arrives at work the next day, he finds a terrifying sight. The painting is gone, with no trace to be found. He reports the theft, and the police come looking for it. After 4 days, the curator gets a call from the police with more information. "Have you found it?" he asked. The officer responded "No sir, I'm very sorry. We've looked everywhere but we can't find the joke."   The absolute value of zero. lol   A female gorilla is alone in a cage at a zoo... ... She has become very cranky due to her isolation and has become increasingly aggressive. Her problematic behavior has become a concern of the zookeeper who decides to try to fix it. While trying to come up with a solution he notices the janitor, a very sleazy redneck type and gets an idea. He walks over to him and asks: "Would you be willing to.. perhaps have sex with a gorilla for 500 dollars?" The janitor thinks about it for a while and agrees but on 3 conditions. "First!" He says, "I don't want to have to kiss her. Understood?" "Yes." Says the zookeeper. "Second!" The janitor says, "I don't want anyone to know about this!" "Alright" says the zookeeper, "And what's the third condition?" "I'm going to need a little bit more time to come up with the 500 dollars."   The Oxy Tribe is an ancient tribe full of highly smart and intelligent people. So what do you call a stupid Oxy? An oxymoron   What does a cannibal call his girlfriend? Cutie pie   A horse walks into a bar... People begin to quickly, but calmly leave the bar as they realize the potential danger of the situation.   What was the highlight of the bulimic bachelor party? It was when the cake came out of the girl.   I won 100 on a radio competition this morning. The DJ called me and said, We are going live in a few seconds, Im going to ask you what youre going to spend your money on and I want you to tell the listeners on air. Okay I replied. He said, 32.1.. Congratulations to Lefty, our competition winner, what are you going to spend the money on? I said, Im going to spend it on air.   5 of the time I make typing mistakes while messaging english speaking friends and 95 the German auto-correction will just.. Flicken es...   Donald Trump 'complained hand towels on Air Force One are not soft enough' After He Wiped His Ass With The Constitution   Knock. Knock. Who is there? Pizza delivery. Pizza delivery who? Pizza Inn. Pizza in whom?   What are 50 babies, each holding a gun, called? An infantry.   Did you hear about the clown on the loose in the textile factory? The manager was in stitches   I think I have OCD. I Think I Have OCD. I think I have O.C.D. I think I have O.C.D..   Travelling doctors are an interesting idea... ...but they don't work in practice.   Why was the chicken unrecognizable? It crossed too much   A woman walks into a voodoo market... She walks up to an old man selling cursed items where she proceeds to say "I would like to buy a magic mirror for my cheating boyfriend so he can break it and have 7 years of bad luck." The old man reaches into his drawer and pulls out a condom. He says "if he's cheating, then 7 years isn't enough. If he breaks this, he will get 18."   Over the last few weeks i've been collecting details about my life and adding them to spreadsheet on my computer. I've really exelled myself.   We used to have Reagan, Jonny Cash and Bob Hope Now we have Trump, no cash, and no hope.   What do you call when a Programmer pukes at IHop? A Stack Overflow   Phone statistics in third world countries: Phone statistics in third world countries: Boy to Boy 00:00:59 Boy to Mom 00:00:50 Boy to Dad 00:00:30 Boy to Girl 01:23:59 Girl to Girl 05:29:59 Girl to Boy Missed call Husband to Wife 00:00:03 Wife to Husband 14 Missed Calls   Vladimir Putin is banning Brazzers saying it's bad for the psyche. "Psyche". Now I know how to say 'wrist' in Russian!   As a writer, I often correct grammar online and get called a Grammar Nazi because of it. I'm not a Grammar Nazi, okay? I'm just alt-literate.   I want to open a gym for people with fetishes. It's a great idea in theory, but I'm still trying to work out the kinks.   How to get free internet home I live in an apartment complex so I have neighbors left to right and below me. One day I asked my neighbor if he was interested in splitting the cost of my wifi 5050 so he could also use it. He agreed. I went on to my other neighbor downstairs and asked him the same thing. Now both my neighbors are paying for my wifi.   Sieg Heil by Covergirl Girls use chemicals to remove polish and no one panics. Hitler does the same thing and everyone loses their minds.   What do you call a greedy oyster? Shellfish.   I saw someone robbing a store and went to stop him. He hit me with a bag of golden coins. I guess you could say I had some cents knocked into me.   I like my coffee how I like my calculus expressions: Limitless.   I always carry a bomb around with me ... What is the likelihood of having two bombs in the same place at the same time?   My wife thinks I'm "selfish in the bedroom". She's the one that won't let me sleep.   Old People Always Poke Me Old people at wedding always poke me and say You Are the Next . . So, I Started Doing The Same Thing To Them At Funerals   I hate weeping willows. They're too sappy.   Sexy up skirt... As I knelt down with a pair of size 4 shoes in front of this sexy blonde in a short skirt, I couldnt resist a quick glance at her panties. Hey perv!! she said as she gave me a playful kick. I bet the only reason you work here is to look up girls skirts isnt it? Thats an absolutely ridiculous accusation, miss, I said sternly. I dont fucking work here.   Jesus needs love too The night before he was arrested and crucified, his followers started to worry. Christ was still a virgin; wouldnt it be nice to have him experience a little bit of pleasure before he dies? So they asked Mary Magdalene to go to the tent where Christ was resting and seduce him; Mary said she would do it gladly and went in, but five minutes later, she ran out screaming, terrified and furious. The followers asked her what went wrong, and she explained: I slowly undressed, spread my legs and showed Christ my pussy; he looked at it, said What a terrible wound! It should be healed! and gently put his palm on it.   A blonde took her son to a doctor.. A blonde took her son to a doctor: Doctor, I think my son swallowed a key! I'm so worried Doctor: Calm down and tell me when did this happen? Blonde: About a week ago. Doctor: Why the hell didn't you bring him to me earlier? Blonde: We had a spare but now that's also lost   Paper or plastic? I went to buy condoms the other day. I asked the guy if he could double bag it for me. He just looked at me and said "You're gonna have to do that yourself buddy!"   What do you call a two dimensional shape that works out way too much? A Noneckagon   Two tennis players got into a shouting match. They made quite a racket.   How many nuns does it take to change a lightbulb? Nun.   My friend had his appendix removed and was out shooting with his other friends not a day later. Turns out cops don't like it when you try to kill them. Poor appendix didn't stand a chance.   Vladislav There was once a man named Vladislav. He worked an average job, received minimum wage, and was frustrated with his life. One day he received a call from his wife, who told him out of guilt that she had been cheating on him for several months now, and wanted to stop by the house to collect her belongings before she left him. Upon reaching home, the wife saw Vlad sitting on a couch, staring at the wall. "Vladislav..." He looks at her and says with an unmoving expression: "Baby, don't hurt me."   Why did the Super Bowl Champions refuse to meet Trump at the White House? Because they were Patriots.   Why does Betsy look so distracted Her husband devos her   During WW2 a British pilot is captured by the Germans and sent to a POW camp. While there he developes an infection in his leg and the camp doctor tells him that they have to amputate. "I have a request," says the pilot, "could you please cremate the limb and sprinkle the ashes over my beloved home land the next time your boys do a flyover?" "We can do that." says the doctor. He makes the arrangements and the ashes are delivered. The pilot gets another infection, this time in his arm. The doctor tells him they need to amputate. "I have a request," says the pilot, "could you please cremate the limb and sprinkle the ashes over my beloved home land the next time your boys do a flyover?" "We can do that." says the doctor. He makes the arrangements and the ashes are delivered A few weeks go by and the pilot gets another infection, this time in his remaining leg. The doctor tells him that they need to amputate. "I have a request," says the pilot, "could you please cremate the limb and sprinkle the ashes over my beloved home land-" "STOP!" bellows a prison guard, "He's trying to escape!"   What's better than rjokes? the comments in rjokes   A pirate walks into a bar.. With a wheel on his crotch. The bar tender says "Aye, what's with the wheel?" Pirate says "arrrrrghhhhhh, it be driving me nuts"   How many bacteria does it take to change a lightbulb? One ... no, two ... no, four ... no, eight ...   A man walks into a barbershop and says, do you cut pubic hair? The Barber, a little taken back, says, "well, sure, why not?" The man bares his teeth and says, "Great. Can you get this one?"   I am annoyed that my wife came up with a girls name for my penis I don't even know who Ana Conda is!   Masturbating An 8-year-old choir boy catches the priest masturbating. He said, "What are you doing father?" "It's called masturbating," the priest replied. "You'll be doing this soon." "Why father?" he asked. "Because my wrist is killing me," the priest replied.   I saw an old school friend today and he started bragging about his well paid job, his flash expensive car and his enormous house. Then he took a photo out of his wallet, showed it to me and said. "That's my wife, isn't she beautiful"? I looked it at and said "If you think she's beautiful, you should see my wife" He said "Why, is she a stunner? I said "No, she's a fucking optometrist!"   What do call an irrational fear of fake bees? A faux bee, aah!   Two tugboat captains have been friends for years. They would always cry, "Aye!" and blow their whistles whenever they passed each other. A new crewman asked his boat's mate, "What do they do that for?" The mate looked surprised and replied, "You mean that you've never heard of ... an aye for an aye?"   Knock knock-forever Knock knock Who's there? ..Deja Deja who? Knock knock Who's there? ..Deja Deja who? Knock knock Who's there? ..Deja Deja who? Knock knock Who's there? ..Deja Deja who? knock knock   What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue.   Who's to coolest member of staff in the hospital? The ultrasound guy. And then who takes the title when he goes on holiday? The hip replacement man.   What do you call a bad joke? POTUS   Did you hear about the guy who couldn't pay for his exorcism? He got repossessed.   I have a dig bick You that read wrong You read that wrong too   Two Teenage Boys Were Arrested For Doing Drugs When they went to court, the judge said that he would like to give them a second chance if they could work in the community and convince young people not to do drugs they would avoid jail time. The two boys went to the community and did their work and returned to court the following month. The judge asked the first boy how he did and he told the judge that he convinced 30 people not to do drugs. The judge said, "That was great how did you do that?" The Boy told him, "I used a diagram, your honor. I drew two circles like this: O o and told them this (the big circle) is your brain before drugs and this (small circle) is your brain after drugs." "That's admirable," said the judge. "And you, how did you do?" (to the 2nd boy) "Well, your honor, I persuaded 156 people to give up drugs forever." "156 people! That's amazing! How did you manage to do that!" "Well, I used the same two circles. I pointed to the small circle and told them, 'This is your asshole before prison..."   What's im season at the White House Peach   What do you call a dog with no hind legs and balls of steel? Sparky...   A young married couple decides to join a church... They attend a few introductory classes and meet with the pastor, who will decide whether they'll be approved for membership. The pastor says, "Well, as you may have heard, we take fasting pretty seriously here. And Lent is just around the corner. I'd like to ask you to do something that may seem strange, but it will really demonstrate that you're committed to this church and to our spiritual disciplines. I'd like you to give up all sexual contact with each other for the entire 40 days of Lent." The husband swallows hard. The wife audibly gasps. But they look at each other, and then to the pastor. The husband says, "Okay. We'll give it a shot." A week into Lent, they show up at the pastor's office looking a bit shamefaced. The pastor welcomes them in, and they can't seem to make eye contact. He knows it's gone wrong and he folds his hands, leans forward and says, "Tell me what happened." The young husband blurted out, "We tried! We really tried. But the second day of Lent was our anniversary. We went out to dinner, had a bottle of wine, and when we got home, things just started to go, you know. Down a certain path." The wife said, "But nothing happened we danced and kissed briefly and then I made him sleep on the couch." "The next night," the husband explained, "We talked about it, and both felt pretty guilty. But as the evening wore on, I could tell that both of us were really wanting that physical intimacy. So I actually went to a friend's house and slept at his place." "Go on," said the pastor. The husband said, "And then yesterday evening, she was reaching up to grab a can of peas from the top shelf and, well, she just looked so beautiful I mean, that's good, right? She's my wife! I'm supposed to find her arousing. She looked so good, I grabbed her, we kissed, and then we ripped off all of our clothes and had wild, passionate, loud, messy sex right there on the floor." The pastor stood up, shook his head in disgust and said with considerable exasperation as he motioned toward the door, "I'm sorry. But you are no longer welcome here at this church." They got up to leave and the wife said, "That's okay. We're not welcome at Kroger anymore either."   What makes Jeff such a bad boy Racist sessions   What do you call a really smart dinosaur? A Professaur.   I hate breakups. Especially when they try to let you down gently. "It's not you, it's me" "I just need some space" "We can still be cousins".   I learned a few things today. 1. I'm gonna be a dad! 2. I'm gonna be an uncle! 3. My sisters not on the pill.   He likes to bury coal He's a deepholeable   Police in London have found a bomb outside a mosque. They've told the public not to panic as they've managed to push it inside.   Instead of The sandy Hook students recieving books... They got Magazines instead.   A woman was telling her friend , "I helped my husband become a millionaire." "And what was he before you married him?" "A billionaire."   DNA Test :) Dad: Whats ur Result? Son: Ive failed in 5 subjects. Dad: From now Onwards Dont Call Me DAD. Son: Oh Come On Dad! Its my School Test Not a DNA Test.. :-D   My wife says I never listen. I can prove she's wrong. That's because she never says anything   A Redditor posted ten wordplay jokes hoping one would get to the front page... No pun in ten did.   In Soviet Russia, an American spy tries to blend in... George Keats had trained 20 years for this moment. He had mastered the Russian language in its native accent. He learned all of Russia's customs and social graces. He memorized Moscow streetmaps and knew every back-alley there was. He swore that he could even think like a Russian. The big day finally came, and he was parachuted to the outskirts of Moscow at night. He emerged by daybreak, and hopped onto a bus going to the city center. "Comrade. How much for a ticket to Red square?", he asked the conductor in authentic Russian. "5 Rubles, Comrade American", came the reply. Keats was stunned. Perhaps the conductor was just being a smart-ass. He hopped off the bus and asked a passerby for directions to the closest bar. "It's just around the block, Comrade American." Keats' doubts grew immensely. Not knowing what to do, he went inside the bar and ordered a glass of Vodka. "Want some Borscht to go with it, Comrade American?", the bartender asked. Keats threw a fit. "What's the matter with you people? I dress just like you, I speak just like you, I even THINK just like you! Why does everyone keep calling me American?" "Well Comrade, it's because you're black."   - Doctor, I want to live very old - Do you drink? - Never, only water. - You smoke? - Oh no, my body is a temple - Do you have crazy nights out dancing while doing cocaine and coming back home to have unprotected sex with multiple partners? - Never, I'm single and abstinent. - I see. So could you explain me exactly why you want to live old?   Jack and his llama walked into a bar... They ordered a drink and had a good time.   Why did the praying mantis cannibalize her boyfriend He refused to eat her   Have you heard about the new emo pizza? It cuts itself   Why do fascists hate snowflakes? Because of Stalingrad flashbacks   Who is the most poetic videogame character? Sonnet the Hedgehog   I already got a date this valentine's day. Her name is Emma, Emma Gination.   What kind of prize do you give someone who hasn't moved a muscle in over a year? A trophy.   What are the three rings of marriage? The engagement ring, the wedding ring and the suffering.   Thyme is actually the most medicinal herb it heals all wounds   What did the Syrian say about the airline food? He'd say it was awful if he could get on the plane.   No Sex Tonight! I've never quite figured out why the sexual urges of men and women differ so much. And I never have figured out the whole Venus and Mars thing or why men think with their head and women with their heart. For example One evening last week, my wife and I were getting into bed. Well, the passion started to heat up, but then she said "I don't feel like it, I just want you to hold me." I said "WHAT??!! What was that?!" So she said the words that every husband on the planet dreads to hear..."You're just not in touch with my emotional needs as a woman enough for me to satisfy your physical needs as a man." She responded to my puzzled look by saying, "Can't you just love me for who I am and not what I do for you in the bedroom?" Realizing that nothing was going to happen that night, I went to sleep. The very next day, I opted to take the day off of work to spend time with her. We went out to a nice lunch and then went shopping at a big, high-end department store. I walked around with her while she tried on several very expensive outfits. She couldn't decide which one to take so I told her we'd just buy them all. She wanted new shoes to compliment her new clothes, so I said lets get a pair for each outfit. We went on to the jewellery department where she picked out a pair of diamond earrings. Let me tell you...she was so excited. She must have thought I was one wave short of a tsunami. I started to think she was testing me because she asked for a tennis bracelet when she doesn't even know how to play tennis. But, I think I threw her for a loop when I said, "That's fine, honey." She appeared to be almost nearing sexual satisfaction from all of the excitement. Smiling with excited anticipation she finally said, "I think this is all dear; let's go to the cashier." I could hardly contain myself when I blurted out, "No honey, I don't feel like it." Her face just went completely blank as her jaw dropped with a baffled, "WHAT?" I then said "Honey, I just want you to HOLD this stuff for a while. You're just not in touch with my financial means as a man, enough for me to satisfy your shopping needs as a woman." And just when she had this look like she was going to kill me, I added, "Why can't you just love me for who I am and not for the things I buy you?" Apparently, no sex tonight either! Edit: Didn't expect to make front page but glad lots of you got a laugh out of it! Edit 2: Thank you for the gold!   Did you guys hear about striking women? I think it's dreadful, nobody should be striking women.   Working holiday A husband comes home to find his wife with her suitcases packed in the living room. "Where are you going?" he asks. "I'm going to Las Vegas. I can earn 200 for a blow job there, and I figured that I might as well earn money for what I do for you for free." The husband thinks for a moment, goes upstairs, and comes back down, with his suitcase packed as well. "Where are you going?" the wife asks. "I'm coming with you. I want to see how you can live on 200 a year."   I love open-minded people. Like JFK and Kurt Cobain.   Who came first. The chicken or the egg A very embarrassed rooster   My mom told me some bad news today... She said her joints are getting weaker, so I told her to roll them tighter.   A family had two boys and a girl named Anne... the brothers shared a common Anne sister.   A guy walks into a bar... ...and tells the bartender "Give me anything but a Budweiser." So the bartender hands him a beer, the man drinks it, and leaves. Next day, man comes in and says "Give me anything but a Budweiser." Bartender gives him a beer, the man drinks it, and leaves. Next day, he comes back with the same request. The bartender is obviously very curious at this points. So he asks "What is the problem with Budweiser?" The man answers "Well, I once drank 20 Budweisers, went home, and blew chunks." The bartender laughs and says "That would happen to anyone after drinking 20 of any beer." The man looks around sheepishly and whispers "Chunks is my dog's name."   Top tip: buying heroin? Get some extra for later. It's a bit more-ish.   Balding grizzles pass their genes to their offspring or... Bare bears bear bare bears.   What is the difference between a Jew and a pizza? The pizza doesnt scream when you throw it in the oven. This joke is good not because of any inherent humor, but rather because of its failure to amuse. It serves, therefore, as a valuable cautionary tale. The first flaw in the anecdotes construction is in its gratuitous use of ethnicity as a crutch. To be sure, Jews serve as an invaluable comedy resource. Any joke involving miserliness of any kind can be improved by the addition of a Hebraic surname (or, in the alternative, by the addition of the prefix Mac.) But here, Jewishness does not improve the comedy one wit. Any ethnicity will scream when placed in an oven. You throw an Irishman into an oven, and see if he doesnt cry out Begosh and begorrah, Ive been thrown into an oven! So too the Mexican, whose refrain of Ai yi yi, es mui caliente! is equally plausible. Indeed, the only person who should ever be thrown into an oven in comedy is Sylvia Plath. Many of you may object, But what of the Holocaust? Surely that validates the choice of Jew in the set-up? Far from it. One must be very careful when relying on history as validation. The Nazis threw very few screaming Jews into the oven. This is not Holocaust revisionism, its simply fact. The Germans are a very efficient people, and they killed almost all their victims before disposing of their bodies in factory-like furnaces. To do otherwise would slow their production lines of death down, and that would be intolerable to the German psyche. No, no. The corpses that were thrown into the ovens went in not unlike the aforementioned pizza silently. Thus, the fundamental logic of the joke is ruined. The difference does not hold up under historical scrutiny. So when you are asked to contemplate the difference between a Jew and a pizza, plausible answer is: One is a human being with a human soul and a human mind and inherent human dignity, and the other is a molded dough product. Or You take the pizza out of the oven in one piece.   Only every guy gets this..... Morning Wood   Why does Dr Pepper come in cans? Because his wife left him.   Why did the bee order a cup of coffee? For a quick buzz   Why can't the pony yell? His voice is too horse.   At St. Peter's Catholic Church in Toronto , they have weekly husband's marriage seminars. At the session last week, the priest asked Giuseppe, who said he was approaching his 50th wedding anniversary, to take a few minutes and share some insight into how he had managed to stay married to the same woman all these years. Giuseppe replied to the assembled husbands, "Wella, I'va tried to treat her nicea, spenda da money on her, but besta of all is, I tooka her to Italy for the 25th anniversary!" The priest responded, "Giuseppe, you are an amazing inspiration to all the husbands here! Please tell us what you are planning for your wife for your 50th anniversary?" Giuseppe proudly replied, " I gonna go pick her up."   "Hey girl look me in the eyes" "Mmmmmno" "Why not" "I have a boyfriend. In fact I shouldn't be here sucking your dick"   Only pre-2017 kids will get this A decent public education   Don't sleep with any girl... Don't sleep with any girl that can spell gonorrhea correctly, without looking it up.   Person 1 to person 2: whats up my brother from another mother Person 2: aren't we siblings? Person 1: yeah sorry you're adopted   Why are lawyers buried deeper than regular people? Because deep down, they're really nice guys.   What's the least heavy kind of energy? Light Energy   A guy came into my shoe shop today He said, "I'd like a pair of red shoes please." "Certainly sir," I replied. "What size?" "Size 40." Fucking clown.   Thanks to World War I There are now more airplanes in the ocean than their are submarines in the sky.   If your life is awful, get a rope and a stool ...and find the next tree. Throw the rope over a branch and attach the stool to the rope. Now you've got a swing.   Why does Nancy suck at foot races? Her boots are made for walking   A 3 year old boy sits next to a pregnant women Boy: Why do you look so fat? Woman: because i have a baby inside Boy: is it a good baby? Woman: yes it's a very good baby Boy: then why'd you eat it? I know this is an old joke heard it a while ago and told some of my friend and they never heard it so thought you might enjoy it aswell. No need to upvote as i didnt make it   Fancy Dress There's this man with a bald head and a wooden leg who gets invited to a fancy dress party. He doesn't know what costume to wear to hide his head and is leg so he emails to a fancy dress company to explain the problem. A few days later he receives a parcel with a note that says: "Dear Sir, please find enclosed a pirates outfit. The spotted handkerchief will cover your bald head and with your wooden leg you will be just right as a pirate". The man thinks this is terrible because they have just emphasized his wooden leg and so he writes a really rude email to complain. A week passes and he receives another parcel and a note which says: "Dear Sir, sorry about before, please find enclosed a monks habit. The long robe will cover your wooden leg and with your bald head you will really look the part". Now the man is really annoyed since they have gone from emphasizing his wooden leg to emphasizing his bald head and he writes the company an EXTREMELY rude email to complain. The next day he receives a small parcel and a note which reads "Dear Sir, please find enclosed a tin of molasses. Pour the tin of molasses over your bald head, stick your wooden leg up your ass and go as a toffee apple".   How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 2, but nobody knows how they got in there   Someone stole my pencil case off my desk and ran with it I guess it's no longer stationery   I love discussing religion with the cashier at the supermarket Because the customer is always right   Stephen Hawking is a very paranoid man He's always looking over his shoulder.   What did the high Australian scientist say to his partner Stoichi while holding a broccoli? "Oy Stoichi oy'ma tree! Pretty cool huh?"   I asked my wife what she wanted for Valentine's Day and she said 'treat me like a princess!' I'm having her killed in a traffic accident in Paris.   My doctor gave me 4 weeks to live He said he'll shoot me if I still can't pay his bill.   Yesterday someone knocked on my door. When I opened it I was surprised to see Bill Gates standing on my front porch. "Have you accepted the Microsoft Terms and Conditions into your heart?" he asked. Apparently he's joined the Windows Witnesses.   What's the difference between the Catholic Church and Pimples... Pimples don't come on your face until you turn 10   What do you call a millionaire in the white house? A public offender   Why are Catholics so anti-abortion? Because if women stop having kids, who are the priests going to rape?   The Catholic church and sexual abuse... Is a pretty touchy subject if you ask me.   Not everyone may think digging tunnels is exciting Some may even call it boring   How to reclose an opened bottle of champagne? I don't know, ask Falcons fans.   A female blond police officer pulls over another blond female driver.. Blond police officer: "Can I see your license and registration?" Driver: "What's a license?" Police officer: "It's a thing in your purse with your picture on it." Driver: Fumbles through purse and finds her reflection on a mirror and hands it to the officer Police officer: looks in mirror and sees own reflection and hands the mirror back the driver Police officer: "I'm so sorry for pulling you over, I didn't know you were a fellow officer, have a great day" Walks away   Did you ever notice that No 2 pencils look alike? It's true   Why are there no "B" batteries? You would never be able to ask for them without sounding like you have a stutter. "B-Batteries please"   A man loses his wife to cancer. Frustrated and depressed, he goes to sleep for the night. We wakes up with a massive erection. Guess you could say he had mourning wood.   What do you call a black man on the moon? An astronaut.   A mirror, a condom and a grain of salt walk into a bar. The grain of salt looks at the mirror and tells him "if e I spill you get 1 year of bad luck", the mirror responds "Well, if I break you get 7 years of bad luck", then the condom interrupts and says "Well, if I break then you'll have bad luck for the rest of your days".   Prism What does a prism make when it doesn't like something? A disdainbow. What does it make when it wants to fight? A painbow What does it make when it can't walk? A canebow ...when it needs to get somewhere quickly? A trainbow ...when it really, REALLY needs to get somewhere quickly? A planebow ...when it can only make one color? A plainbow ...when it's a smart prism? A brainbow ...when it's baking bread? A grainbow ...when it's building something? A cranebow ...when it needs to hold on to something? A containbow ...when the Joker is attacking Gotham City? A Bruce Waynebow ...when its name is Tarzan? A Janebow ...when it's the King of Prisms? A reignbow ...when it's poisoned? A banebow ...when it's inside a blood vessel? A veinbow ...when it belongs to a wizard? An arcanebow   Where did Sally go after the bombing? Everywhere   The Trump cabinet is truly diverse. I counted at least 3 different shades of white in it.   What's worse than a satellite around Saturn? A probe in Uranus.   My neighbors listen to great music. Whether they like it or not.   If you bring back Australian gold from an alternate universe. You have AU AU Au.   I was walking late at night. And saw three strong men beating an old lady, i got into the fight ... And we almost kill the bitch.   student loans... that's it, that's the joke. It takes like 1000 years to pay off your debt. Longer than it took you to earn your degree.   What was the first thing Adam said to Eve ? "Stand back .... I don't know how big this thing is going to grow!"   Why did everyone pass the final confectioner exam? It was a piece of cake   Friends are like peeing in your pants... Everyone can see it, but only you can feel its warmth.   A nerve impulse... A nerve impulse is caused when a stimulus changes the membrane potential of a neuron and opens voltage-gated sodium channels. This sodiums flows into the neuron and down the axon to the next synapse. So every nerve impuse, everything we experience and every move we make, comes from sodium ions in our cells... No wonder people are so damn salty about everything!   Why are suicidal people so good at doing laundry. Because they're good at hanging things.   What do you call an empty bottle of Cheese Whiz? Cheese Was.   What did the German sausage say to the French bread? Gluten tag!   We all know a Mexican standoff and a Canadian standoff So an American standoff is when two people are flipping each other off but you know nothing's going to happen.   Two men go bear hunting. The first man asks, "Have you ever hunted bear before?" The second man replies, "No, but I've been fishing in shorts."   Why does Dr. Pepper come in bottles? Because he's a fuckin' creep.   A Russian alcoholic loses the key to car... His wife wakes him from his drunken slumber. "Where are the keys to the car!?" she demands. "Vodka? Whiskey?" he replies. (read with Russian accent)   My mom has this really weird fetish. She liked dressing up as herself all the time and then acting like a total fucking bitch   I no longer saw the point in swordfighting.... I no longer saw the point in swordfighting after it blinded both my eyes.   How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg? Pick it up and suck its dick   A priest and a rabbi are at a wedding... the priest sees an altar boy, and says, "man I'd really like to screw him." The rabbi responds by saying, "out of what?"   What city has the most people eating waffles on the beach? San Diego   Two muffins are baking in an oven. One muffin says to the other "Man, it's hot in here!" The other muffin says "HOLY SHIT, A TALKING MUFFIN?!?!"   How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None. Its a hardware problem.   Waiting at the bus station Excuse me, sir, have you seen a police officer around? No, not a soul, actually. Very good, now give me your wallet, watch and laptop!   My teacher told me if I slept with her I'd get an A for the semester. I love being homeschooled   Getting pulled over Police officer to a driver: OK, drivers license, vehicle license, first aid kit and warning triangle. Driver: Nah, Ive already got all that. But how much for that funny Captains cap?   I used to buy my ex chocolate all the time She was such a bitch, I hoped it would kill her   How do you make a pound of fat look good? Put a nipple on it   Have you heard about the magic dildo? One day a business man had to go on a long trip for work and decided that before his trip he would buy a "special present" for his wife while he was away. On his way home, the man went to an adult store and asked the worker if their were any new items that would keep his wife busy while he was away. The worker pointed to the latest and greatest "magic dildo". He told the business man "all you need to do is tell it where you want it to go and it will magically go there". The business man couldn't believe it so the worker said "magic dildo to the door!" The dildo jumped out of its box and flew to the door. The business man was so excited that he bought a boxed dildo right then and there. When he got home he was so excited and told his wife about the new present he bought her. She didn't love the idea but a few days later she was feeling lonely and pulled out the box to her magic dildo. She said "magic dildo to my vagina!" The dildo jumped out of the box and started pleasuring her. After finishing the wife tried pulling the dildo out but it wouldn't budge. She got really worried and her calls wouldn't go through to her husband so, she started driving to the hospital. On her way the dildo continued pleasuring her and with each orgasm she swerved her car. Soon after swerving, a cop pulled her over and asked why she was swerving. She told the cop the whole story about the magic dildo and how she couldn't get it out of her. The cop laughed and said "magic dildo my ass!"   The red man lives in the red house, the orange man lives in the orange house, and the yellow man lives in the yellow house. Who lives in the white house? Also the orange man.   A Newlywed Couple A newlywed couple moves into their new house. One day the husband comes home from work and his wife says, "Honey, you know, in the upstairs bathroom one of the pipes is leaking, could you fix it?" The husband says, "What do I look like, Mr. Plumber?" A few days go by, and he comes home from work and his wife says, "Honey, the car won't start. I think it needs a new battery. Could you change it for me?" He says: "What do I look like, Mr. Goodwrench?" Another few days go by, and it's raining pretty hard. The wife finds a leak in the roof. She says, "Honey, there's a leak on the roof! Can you please fix it?" He says, "What do I look like, Bob Vila?" The next day the husband comes home, and the roof is fixed. So is the plumbing and the car. He asks his wife what happened. "Oh, I had a handyman come in and fix them," she says. "Great! How much is that going to cost me?" he snarls. Wife says: "Nothing." He said he'd do it for free if I either baked him a cake or slept with him." "Uh, well, what kind of cake did you make?" asks the husband. "What do I look like," she says, "Betty Crocker?"   Republicans are the true snowflakes... they're white, they're cold, and if you put enough of em together they'll shut down public schools EDIT Thanks for the gold! You popped my gold cherry! its a joke folks. just a joke.   An android phone and an iPhone meet after a year. iPhone: What......the......fuck.....dude? You.....are.....infested.....with.....malware!! Android Phone: Fuckers don't update me. But what happened to you? Why are speaking with a lag? iPhone: Fuckers.....updated......me.   2100s kids won't get this Jobs (Robots will take them all)   A blind man walks into a bar... and a table... and a chair.   A Buddhist Monk walks up to a hotdog stand. "make me one with everything"   My ex and I didn't work out because of our birth signs I'm a cancer she was a cunt, her Pisces smelled like a Taurus and she was anything but a Virgo   They say you are what you eat That explains why I'm such a pussy   4 sons Four guys are at a high school reunion and one of them goes to the restroom. The other three guys start talking about how succesful their sons are. Guy 1: My son is so successful he owns a cardealership and just gave his best friend a Ferarri. Guy 2: Thats nothing, my son owns an airliner and just gave his best friend a private jet Guy 3: Well my son is more success than that, he owns an architecture firm and just gave his best friend a castle Guy 4 walks out of the bathroom and walks over to the other 3 guys Guy 4: Hey guys what are we talking about Guy 1: Oh, we are talking about how successful our sons are Guy 4:Well, my son is a Gay stripper Guy 2: You must be so dissappointed with what he's done with his life Guy 4: Actually, he is doing very well for himself. He just got a Ferrari, a jet, and a castle from his three boyfriends.   Android users won't get this. Update.   A thief in a bank. With a mass of debts and a starving family, the thief made his way through the bank. The thief never doubted his abilities. Ever heard of the twenty thousand dollars stolen from the Federal Reserve? Exactly. As he scurried around the halls looking for the vault, he thought of his former home ablaze in what cant be called an accident. The thought of the multitude of dollars and coins in the vault pushed him as he attempted to navigate the seemingly repeating halls. Making way down stair case after case after case, an unmarked floor seemed to be the gates to a promised land. The legal tender would be his for the taking. Thousands of pieces of paper containing green ink and a sense of empowerment. As he trampled the seldom touched tile floor, he began to think of all the opportunities the stolen cash would bring him. He got closer to the unmarked door that contained the vault. Closer still. Again. The simple wooden door was no obstacle. He crept right through. A heavenly glow of fluorescent lamps convinced him what he was doing was right. Moments later, there it was. The bronze vault door. A steel circle, weighing around 22 tons, would be the only challenge. He was getting closer. The thoughts of money were coursing through his A security guard noticed the theft. The only thought that went through the guards mind was hmm, a cockroach. I had better squash it.   What is software engineering? It is a bad joke.   What do you call a nurse working on a pirate ship? An Arrrrr - N   What do you call a dog with no legs? I really doesn't matter he's not gonna come.   Windows 10 users won't get this. Privacy.   Did you guys hear about identity theft? Sharon is Karen!   Did you hear about the two tornados in Las Vegas? They decided to elope after a whirlwind romance!   A Beggar To A Rich Person A beggar to a rich person: Sir please give me 10, i have to drink tea Rich: But you can drink tea only in 5 Beggar: Sir, my girl friend will drink tea too Rich: Oh, wow a beggar made a girl friend... Beggar: No Sir, Girl friend made me a beggar (few days ago i was the honor of this hotel)   What did mummy tower say to the baby tower Here comes the aeroplane!   Trump did a better job getting people to exercise in 1 month than Michelle Obama did in 8 years Look at all those protesters on the streets!   Why can't French people count to 5? There's a tree in the way.   Why are vegetables so hard to eat sometimes? The wheelchairs   A man walks into a bar waving his gun around A man walks into the bar waving his gun around yelling, "I have 45 calibre Colt 1911 with a seven round magazine plus one in the chamber and I want to know who's been sleeping with my wife!" A voice from the back of the room called out, "You're gonna need more ammo!"   Where did Muhammad go after the bombing? Everywhere   I destroy every string instrument I find... As a part of my vow of non-violins.   Doctor! I think I have a concussion! Doctor: "Dont worry, Its all in your head"   Why doesn't anyone hear psychiatrists in the bathroom? The p is silent.   What did the pistachio say to the peanut? Who wants to eat something that starts with P and ends with NUTs?   Who designed bathtubs? Seriously, I haven't been able to fully sit comfortably submerged in a bath tub since I was 11.   What did the Spanish Optometrist say to his Patient? Si?   What do you call the useless piece of skin on a dick? The man.   Women keep telling me to "stop itemizing them" Then they go and call me a dickhead   Only 2010's kids will get this... Measles   Where do you find a dog with no legs? Right where you left him! I'll leave.   What happened to the cheerleader when she did the splits? 20 class rings fell out.   10 Inch Bic Two Men were out fishing when one decides to have a smoke He asks the other guy if he has a lighter He replies "Yes I do!" and hands the other a 10 inch long cigarette lighter Surprised the guy asks "Where did you get this?" The guy replies "Oh I have a personal genie." The first man asks "Can I make a wish? " Sure says the other man "Just make sure that you speak clearly cause he is a little hard of hearing" "Ok I will" says the other as he rubs the lamp a genie appears and asks the man what he wants The man says " I want a Million Bucks " The genie says OK and goes back to his bottle and 10 seconds later a million ducks fly over head And the guy says to the other " Your genie realy sucks at hearing doesnt he?" The other man replies "I know, do you really think I asked for a 10 inch BIC?"   I accidentally spilled spot remover on my dog. It scared the shit out of him and now I need some for my carpet :(   "Hey, I heard somebody called you an owl today." Who?   Only vaccinated kids will get this... Autism.   What's the difference between a 2017 Tesla and 50 dead babies? I don't have a 2017 Tesla in my garage.   What's the difference between E.T. and an illegal immigrant? E.T. learned the language, and eventually went home.   I noticed something about the letter "B" Sometimes it makes subtle appearances   What do you call a team-up between a maniac, a random white guy, and the head of the Vatican? Snapped, Cracker and Pope   How does a reptile climb a mountain? It scales it   A physicist goes into an ice-cream parlour every week He always orders an ice cream sundae and offers one to the empty stool next to him. One day the owner of the shop asks the physicist, "Why do you do that?" The physicist replies, "Well, quantum mechanics teaches us that there is a chance that the matter above this stool will spontaneously transform into a beautiful woman who will accept my offer of an ice cream and fall in love with me." The owner says, "We have beautiful women come in here all the time. Why don't you offer one of them an ice cream and maybe she'll fall in love with you." And the physicist replies, "Yeah, right! What are the odds of THAT happening?"   How many psychiatrists does it take to change a lightbulb? Only 1, but the lightbulb has to be willing to change   What's the difference between in-laws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted   Only gay men from the 1980s will get this... The gradual acceptance into society. What did you think I was going to say, you sick fucks.   A man walks into a bar One man says, "give me some h2o" A second man walks in and says, "give me some h2o too" The second man dies.   An elderly lady phoned her telephone company... An elderly lady phoned her telephone company to report that her telephone failed to ring when her friends called - and that on the few occasions when it did ring, her pet dog always moaned right before the phone rang. The telephone repairman proceeded to the scene, curious to see this psychic dog or senile elderly lady. He climbed a nearby telephone pole, hooked in his test set, and dialed the subscriber's house. The phone didn't ring right away, but then the dog moaned loudly and the telephone began to ring. Climbing down from the pole, the telephone repairman found: 1. The dog was tied to the telephone system's ground wire via a steel chain and collar. 2. The wire connection to the ground rod was loose. 3. The dog was receiving 90 volts of signaling current when the phone number was called. 4. After a couple of such jolts, the dog would start moaning and then urinate on himself and the ground. 5. The wet ground would complete the circuit, thus causing the phone to ring. Which demonstrates that some problems CAN be fixed by pissing and moaning.   Why was the snowman so upset? Because somebody had stolen his nose and the police didn't carrot all!   Why can't Helen Keller drive? Because she's a woman   What's a caterpillar afraid of? A dogapillar   What do you say to a Mexican guy in a vegetative state? Coma estas?   What do you call a French man wearing sandals? Phil-lip Phil-lop.   What did JayZ call Beyonce before they got married? Feyonce   I was supposed to be filming a porno but I was late to the set. The cameraman phoned me up and said, "Will you be long?" I said, "Yes, around 9 inches."   Why California hates Donald Trump? Because life in California is like GTA (Grand Theft Auto).   The doctor says i have myopic attendance syndrome I can't see myself coming in to work today.   If the Earl of Lemongrab had hair... ...do you think he'd use an acceptable conditioner to keep it soft?   What do you call a rabbit with fleas Bugs bunny   How do you eat your Reese's? Witherspoon   I had to quit my job as a pool cleaner... It was too draining.   The last time I was someone's type, I was donating blood.   I want to be like Leonardo DiCaprio from Inception. He has a dream job.   My friend is blind, you know what that means... he can't see.   My belt was looking a bit worn so I bought a new one.. I hope it holds up.   The Trump administration has chosen the next movie to screen after 'Finding Dory'. True Lies.   Why is a Jewish canoe the safest boat to be in? It never tips! Bonus: How do you pick up a Jewish girl? With a dustpan and a broom.   Only 00's Kids Will Get This Jesus Christ.   A guy meets a girl at the club and takes her home. Before going to his place the girl tells him that she can tell how a man is in bed by the way he opens the door. She tells him, "If a man struggles with the key then that means he is a sloppy lover and he is not the right one for me." The guy then stops, looks at his keys, then stares at the door. After a while of staring, he goes toward the doorknob and before inserting the key he licks the keyhole.   Made me laugh more than I should have! What do you call an alligator wearing a vest?! An investigator.   What do you call an Apple update you don't see coming? An iPatch... I'm sorry...   What did the little Ethiopian boy get for his 4th birthday? Flowers.   I followed Dwayne Johnson for an hour and when he wasn't looking I slapped his arse. He turned around and punched me in the face. That's what happens when you hit rock bottom.   Why do divers fall off the boat backwards?? Cuz if they fell forward they wud still be in the boat   What's the opposite of irony? Wrinkly.   A man walks into a bar and takes a seat. He later gets arrested for petty theft.   A German tank commander boasted "One Tiger can take on ten Shermans!" And an American replied "Good thing we have eleven."   There are three men on a boat with a pack of cigarettes and no matches. How did they manage to smoke? They threw a cigarette overboard, and made the boat a cigarette lighter   Trump keeps calling CNN "fake" news because... it's consistent with what Melania keeps telling him are "real" orgasms.   What do you call a fat girl with a rape whistle? Optimistic.   What do you call a Japanese man in America with 8932 and 40 cents? A Millyenaire. ...Yeah I know I'm a shitbird.   What do Donald Trump and the iPhone 7 have in common? They both think de-porting is the answer when theres no more Jobs.   Why do girls like the Falcons? Because they like chokers!   Jobs that dont exist anymore... Steve   Why did the Sultan leave his job at Mattress City? He was already a manager at Ottoman Empire   What's a neologasm? It's a really good neologism.   Ronaldo hits his head and is injured. Manager shouts 'support his head' quick! The fans chant 'Ronaldo's head! Ronaldo's head!' Manager shouts 'Call him an ambulance!' The fans chant 'Ronaldo's an ambulance! Ronaldo's an ambulance!'   A Pair of Slippers and A Dildo Two guys are sitting around talking about what they got their wives for Valentines Day Todd : "So, what did you get your wife for Valentines day?" Mark : "I got her this BEAUTIFUL diamond ring. She shows this thing off wherever she goes. She wears it to the store, out to get the mail, to the gas station, etc. She loves it man. What about you?" Todd : "Well, I got my wife a pair of slippers and a dildo..." Mark : "What the fuck? That's rather odd for Valentines day don't ya think?" Todd : "Actually, it makes perfect sense. If she doesn't like the slippers, then she can go fuck herself"   I am awesome at Russian Roulette. I've NEVER lost!   What happened to the frog parked in a handicap spot? He go toad.   The first rule of The Liars Club: Tell everybody you're in the Fight Club   How does Harry Potter like to go down hills? Walking j.k. ...rowling   Two inmates are caught having sex A senior and junior corrections officer are on patrol and hear two men grunting in the bathroom. They go to investigate the disturbance and find that one inmate is sodomizing the other inmate in one of the bathroom stalls. The two officers break the two inmates up. The junior officer asks where he should take the inmates and whether he should send them to box. The senior officer decides that only the inmate being sodomized should go to solitary confinement. The junior officer, clearly confused asks "why him and not the guy preforming the sodomization?" The senior officer looks at the junior officer and says "he already has his shit packed."   What did the leper say to the prostitute? Keep the tip.   There was a very angry bodybuilder psychologist He had Freud rage   Shorty! Yo' momma is so short, I can see her feet in her driver's license.   I would be a great Politician... I'm really good at pissing everyone off.   How did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank his coffee before it was cool.   A cowboy buys a horse... When he buys the horse, the salesman says "This horse belonged to a priest, so to make it move you have to say Praise the Lord! and to make it stop you have to say hallelujah." The cowboy takes the horse for a ride. He's riding the horse but then forgets how to stop it. When he remembers, he says "Hallelujah!" and the horse stops right at the edge of a canyon. After that he thanked God for saving him and yells "Praise the Lord!"   What do you call a Panda who eats, shoots, and leaves? A Pandit. (bandit) OC by BatManBenJamIn   Something only 6000bc kids will get THE original OPs mom.   I was startled by a loud fart... I was fartled.   2010s Kids won't get this A good president.   Only Baby Boomers will get this... The Draft.   Y'know what I find odd? Whole numbers that are not divisible by 2.   Frank was getting ready to go on a trip to New York for the first time, and was talking to his friend Bill. Bill: While you are in New York, there is a bar that you have to go to. When you walk through the front door, you are handed a free drink. Then you can go to the back room and get laid. Come back up to the bar, and you get another free drink. Then you can get laid again. It goes on like this all night. Frank: That sounds unbelievable. Have you really been there? Bill: No, but my sister has.   When Henry VIII has trouble in school, what does he do? He hires a Tudor.   How do you tell the difference between a Methodist and a Baptist? Methodist will say hi in a liquor store.   I wrote on my little sisters cast today "They say the lack of brain in a blonde is accounted for with brawn... Guess not"   What do clams do for their birthday? They shellibrate...   only 30's kids will get this: The holocaust.   Heard about the famous italian chef that died? He pastaway, here today gone tomato,we cannoli do so much. He will be pizza history!   Two soldiers are in a tank Both of them drowned Credit: from a comment by uKillarKittens, slightly modified   What do Magic Johnson, Charlie Sheen and roughly 250,000 children in Africa have in common? A continuing chance to create a better tomorrow. You sick bastards.   '70s kids won't get this Measles   Only African people will get this Ebola   I like my women like i like my coffee. I fucking hate coffee.   You know you live in a first world country..... When you're not dead   What is the difference between a cucumber and a shark attack? One is a pickle you can make, the other is a pickle you can't escape.   Why are fights between fictional creatures so boring? Because they always drag on.   Just because it's simple, doesn't mean it's easy Unless we're talking about your mom   A man goes to the doctor The doctor says, "What's wrong with you?" The man replies, "Doctor, there's a lot of things wrong, please look me over." The doctor agrees and starts his examination. He's only barely begun and when he tries to look in the man's ear, he exclaims, "my God man, there's a piece of lettuce in there!" The man sighs and says, "I know Doc, and that's only the tip of the iceberg. "   I just heard there was a cure for dyslexia. That's like music to my arse!   What do you call sodium chloride beating someone up with Bruce Lee's corpse? A salt with a dead Lee weapon   NSFW LONG A 5 year old boy is watching his dad work on the car with his neighbor Bob The boy asks "daddy, what does it sound like when bird sees another bird?" The father drops a wrench "tweet tweet tweet. I'm working junior." Father and Bob go back to working on the car. The little boy's eyes perk up. "Daddy, what do dogs say when they are happy to see another dog?" Father, annoyed responds "woof woof woof. Stop asking so many questions, we're working" The little boy is distracted for a moment when he says "Daddy, what does mommy say when she is happy to see you?" Father doesn't immediately respond. The little boy, perturbed yells, "DADDY!!" Father is startled and bangs his head on the engine, beginning to bleed, he screams "Oh god, fuck me!" Bob scrambles for a towel. The little boy says, "Silly, Daddy, that's what mommy says when she talks to Bob in her room while you're at work, I asked what she says when she's happy to see you."   I learned a new way to stop the pot from boiling over Stick your fucking face in it   What do you call some who kidnaps cats? A kittnapper.   What do you call a Chinese guy covered in iron? A Chink in the Armor OC pls no steal   If you're American before you go to the bathroom, and you're American when you come out of the bathroom, what are you while you are in the bathroom? European!   Only anti-vaxxers will get this... Polio   Deaf people seem to be the best at relationships They always let their hands do the talking   What's the deal with airline food? Oh wait, there is no deal because it's overpriced when available.   A rabbi is on his deathbed... ...and a friend asks him if he has any last requests. The Rabbi asks his friend to find him a Catholic priest, so that he might convert. Confused, his friend asks, "Rabbi, why? You have been a great teacher and leader of your followers, and you have led a good and honorable Jewish life. Why would you want to become a Catholic now, before you die?" He says, "Eh, better one of them than one of us."   The US have been really progressive in the last decade... In 2009 they got their first black president, and this year they got their first orange one!   Only Coal Miners Will Get This Black lung disease.   The School Janitor Janitor: I know im just a school janitor, but my eldest son is in M.I.T., his younger brother in Princeton, and my youngest in Harvard. Student: (amazed) Wow, what are they studying? Janitor: Oh no, they are janitors as well.   My girlfriend is leaving me because of my obsession with pasta I'm feeling cannelloni right now   Linkin Park's web developer spent hours trying to fix a byte ordering bug. He tried so hard and got so far, but in the endian it doesn't even matter.   NSA.. Always listening to our customers.   Only 1700's sailors will get this... Scurvy   Frequent browsers of rjokes will not get this. Laid.   Why is improve comedy like a dead language? Because it's Sanscript.   A world without women... ...would be a pain the ass.   Some people are into carbon dating. It's not for me. I dated carbon once, turns out they made everything up.   People want to boycott brands because of political and religious views I just want to be able to afford those brands.   What's the difference between Reddit and Pornhub? On pornhub they down vote trash   Two brothers Two brothers are in their treehouse and they see a their neighbour undressing through her window. After seeing this the younger brother runs out the treehouse to his room. The older brother finds him and asks him what is wrong the younger brother says: "Mum said if I see that then I'll turn to stone. I'm already feeling something turn hard."   I like my soda like I like my women Flat and room temperature.   A guy walks into a bar And sees 3 pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling. The guy asks, Whats this about? The bartender replies, Well, if you can jump up and slap the meat, you get free drinks for the rest of the night. If you miss, you pay for everyones drinks for the next hour. You wanna do it? The guy replies, Nah, the steaks are too high.   Why did the sperm cross the road? Because you put on the wrong sock this morning.   Dave drowned So at the funeral we got him a wreath in the shape of a lifebelt. Well, it's what he would have wanted. - Gary Delaney, 2010   I just got my first BMW! Which tires are best for splashing puddles at cyclists and pedestrians?   An evil mathematician makes a plan to multiply binomials It was FOILed   if your phone is damaged place it in a bowl of rice this will attract Asians who will fix your phone. if no Asians can be attracted with rice try uranium   Wanna hear a word I just made up? Plagiarism.   What's the funniest pepper? A jajajajajalapeo.   Dont know how to say the word GIF? Just prounounce the G how its pronounced in gigantic   Welcome to Atlanta where the players play. For two and a half quarters then get blown away.   Life is short, how bout a blowjob? You might not think it's funny, but my wife found it hilarious.   Da Bomb Guy 1: You da bomb Guy 2: No, you da bomb In America: a compliment. In the Middle East: an argument   What did the lawyer name his daughter? Sue.   A priest and a bus driver are waiting at the gates of Heaven... Heard this joke whilst on holiday in Norway, I thought it was worth sharing. In a rural mountainous village, both a local bus driver and a priest are waiting at the gates of heaven. Saint Peter arrives, and firsts asks the priest why he should be allowed into heaven. "I've been teaching the ideas of Christianity for 50 years, I think I deserve to be in heaven after devoting my life to Christ." St Peter then turns to the bus driver: "Well, I've been transporting people up and down the mountains for 50 years, I think I deserve to be in heaven as I've helped everyone dearly" St Peter thinks, then allows the bus driver to walk through but not the priest. Outraged, the priest asks: "Why was I not allowed in but the bus driver was!?" St Peter replies: "Your lectures were boring, everyone was falling asleep and not paying respect to God! However, when the bus was driving up and down mountains, everyone was alert and saying their prayers!"   Ned Stark's death was foretold in his daughter's name Because when he died, she was sans a Stark   A man walks into church and sits in the confessional booth. The priest sits down and the man says, "Forgive me for I have sinned. I was golfing yesterday and I cursed." The priest replies, "Would you like to tell me what happened?" "Well," the guy says. "I was out on the seventh hole, and I'd just hit my best drive of the day. Straight ahead, down the middle of the fairway, and a long way down. I was feeling pretty good about myself as I walked to the ball. I wasn't 30 feet away when a squirrel ran out of the trees and grabbed my ball." The priest interrupts, "Oh, I see. So that's when you cursed?" The man replies, "No Father, I didn't. As the squirrel was running away, it got to the end of the fairway when it was caught by a hawk, which flew high into the air." Once again, he priest interrupts, "So that's when you cursed?" The man continues, "No Father. The hawk started flying away, and I followed it, because it flew in the direction of the green. As it passed over the green, it squeezed the squirrel with its talons, causing the ball to drop about three feet from the pin." The priest says, "Don't tell me you missed the fucking putt!"   What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable   A guy at a bar says to the bartender, "Hey jackass! Get me a beer." The bartender turns around, stares at the guy for a second, and proceeds to serve him a beer. The bartender walks to the other end of the bar, and another guy says "Hey, come on man. Don't let that jerk treat you that way." The bartender just shrugs and quietly walks away. A few minutes later, once again, the guy shouts "Hey jackass! Get me another beer!" Of course, the bartender obliges and serves him a beer. The other guy says "Look man, you can't let that guy do that to you. Stand up for yourself! Do you hear what he's calling you?" This time, the bartender replies, "Oh, that guy? HEE-HAW HEE-HAW HE ALWAYS calls me that!"   What's the difference between Donald Trump and Aaron Burr? Trump doesn't want to be in the room where it happens.   My girlfriend is like a diamond. I don't have a diamond.   If flossing is a pain in the ass you are doing it at the wrong end   What was the name of the Greek hero who couldn't stop swaying from side to side? Oscillates I'm not even going to apologise for this one.   Fun fact: Betsy Devos' name contains every letter of the alphabet that she knows of.   The Tramps Holiday There was this tramp. One cold winter's morning he was walking along a country road, when he heard a cry for help from a nearby lake. Without a moment's hesitation he ran out onto the ice and slipped and slided over to a little girl. He managed to pull her out without breaking the ice further and carried her back to the road. He took off his coat and wrapped her in it then began looking for a car to flag down. Coincidentally the father drives up. "How can I ever thank you sir?" he says after putting his daughter into the warmth of the limo. "Just name your price - I'm a wealthy man." "Ah, well..." stammers the tramp, "... uh, I'm a little short of cash, perhaps you could help me out." "Oh dear," says the father, "I don't carry much cash with me, I only have ten pounds - but come home with me and I'll get more from the safe." "No! No!" says the tramp, "Why ten pounds is more money than I've seen in my whole life - that'll be plenty." "Ten pounds," thinks the tramp, "I'm rich! I'm rich!" and off he goes to the town to buy himself a holiday. He finds a travel agent, walks in - much to the disgust of the staff - and goes up to the desk. "I'll have one holiday please!" "Ahem, which holiday would sir like?" asked the girl at the desk, forcing a smile. "Oh, any holiday I don't mind, anything up to ten pounds," replies the tramp. "TEN POUNDS! You'll NEVER get a holiday for ten pounds," says the girl incredulously. She goes into the back of the shop, and searches in the deepest, dustiest filing drawers she can find. There - to her amazement - she finds an old file. "Well you'll never believe it," she says to the tramp, back in the shop. "I've got you a holiday - its a super-duper, ultra-hyper, mega-economy class round the world cruise - and it costs ten pounds." "Yippee!" exclaims the tramp, "I'll take it!" A few days later he arrives at the port, and there in the dock is the most beautiful, most elaborately decorated, most expensive looking ocean-going liner he has ever seen. "Get off my ship ye dirty bum!" shouts a voice, and an irate captain storms down the gangplank and kicks the tramp down onto the dockside. "But I've got my ticket!", responds the tramp, "super-duper, ultra-hyper, mega-economy class, and I want on!" "Well okay," says the captain, "but you can't come on just now, I don't want my first-class passengers seeing you. Come back at midnight when it's dark and I'll let you on then." So the tramp finds himself a quiet spot among some cargo cases on the dockside, and he falls asleep. "Psst," says a voice, waking him with a start. It was the captain. "Hurry up, it's midnight, let's get you to your cabin." The tramp toddles after the captain, along the dockside, up the gangway, and onto the ship - and what a ship! First they went down through the first class level: Oriental carpets - 6" pile. A genuine Rembrandt on every wall. Leave your shoes outside for cleaning, and the steward brings a new pair. 24 ct gold trim everywhere. Then the second class: As above, but perhaps the carpets were only 3" deep, and so on... 3rd, 4th, 5th class, down past the casinos, and the ballrooms, down through the crew's quarters, down through the galleys, and the engine rooms, until finally, at the lowest point in the ship, against the very hull, the captain opens a watertight door into a tiny 7' x 4' cabin, with a hammock, a bedside table, and an alarm clock. "Sheer luxury!" exclaimed the tramp, "A room of my very own." "I'm glad you like it," replies the captain, "but there is one more thing... Your class of ticket only allows you to use the facilities of the ship, at night - when all the other passengers are asleep. So that's what the alarm clock is for. Enjoy your cruise." Well the cruise began, and the tramp had a whale of a time. Sleeping by day, and up on deck at night - he loved it. One-man-tennis, clay pigeon shooting, more food than he'd ever seen... Then one morning, a week or so into the cruise, the tramp decided he'd have a go on the diving board of the pool. He had just enough time for one dive before he had to go below. He climbed up the ladder, stepped onto the board tip, bounced, and dived... ... and what a dive...! Perfectly poised in the air, he hit the water without so much as a ripple. Now unknown to him, the captain - who'd grown rather fond of the poor old tramp - was standing watching this. "That was amazing!" exclaimed the captain, "Where did you learn to dive like that?" "Um, well I've never actually dived before," replied the tramp. "Well that's incredible!" says the captain, "I've never seen..." He broke off. "Hey, I've got an idea", he started again. "How would you like to train a bit, and we'll put on a show for the other passengers. I'll pay you, and you can then afford to go first class!" "It's a deal!" says our man. For the next 3 weeks the tramp practices like he's never practiced before. Back-flips, front-flips, triple-back sideways axled dives, you name it he tried it. Then one morning the captain comes to talk. "Okay, I'd like you to stay in your cabin for the next 2 days. We're going to erect a high diving board for you." "Okay," agreed the tramp. Two days passed, and the big day arrived. The ship was humming with excitement. Everyone wanted to see the mystery diver. The captain had provided the tramp with a new pair of swimming trunks and he wore these as he stepped out onto the sun-beaten deck. Gasps of astonishment from the crowd, and a hushed awe. Higher than the eye could see, towering up and up, rose a slender column of metal. "Well, tramp," said the captain, shaking his hand, "Let's see what you can do." And with that the Captain handed him a walkie talkie. And the tramp began to climb... up and up... below him the ship grew smaller... on and on... past a solitary albatross... and still higher... till the ship was but a speck on the ocean below... and on still further... till the ocean grew dim... and the earth itself... began to shrink... past our moon... and on... and Mars... and on... higher, and higher... through the asteroid belt... and on and on towards the diving board... past the outer planets, until... on the outermost reaches of the Solar System... he reached the board. He climbed on top and radioed the captain... and then... .' '. . . . . he jumped. . . . . : Slowly at first, : but speeding up, : : : faster, and faster, : speeding past Pluto, : and the other outer planets, . . . . . . . . . through the asteroid belt, past Mars, and the moon, faster, and faster, faster - ever faster, and by now the earth was growing large in the distance, the oceans and land masses grew clear, faster, and faster, past the albatross, double-back somersault, and he could see the ship, tiny in the distance, hurtling down now, he posed, ready for the final 500 feet, Down on the ship the crew strained their necks, "I CAN SEE HIM!" yelled a passenger, "LOOK!!!" The tramp streaked down towards the pool, did a last triple flip, and dove... NOT A RIPPLE ON THE SURFACE! DOWN THROUGH THE WATER! SMASHED THROUGH THE POOL BOTTOM! DOWN THROUGH THE FIRST DECK! SMASHING THROUGH THE SECOND! DOWN! DOWN! THROUGH THE CREW'S QUARTERS! THROUGH THE ENGINE ROOMS! SMASHING THROUGH HIS OWN LITTLE CABIN! AND DOWN THROUGH THE DOUBLE-STRENGTH STEEL HULL OF THE SHIP! STILL DOWN...! DEEPER, DEEPER INTO THE MURKY DEPTHS, TILL......... SMASH! Into the sea bed, sinking a 37' shaft in the process. Desperate for air he struggle out of the shaft, his lungs bursting he swam frantically for the surface. Up and up, desperate, gasping... Out of the water, up the ladder onto the deck of the ship, into a throng wild with acclaim. "HERO!" "WONDERFUL!" "AMAZING!" "GOOD SHOW THAT!" And handing him a heated towel the captain spoke, as a hush fell over the crowd. "Well tramp, I have NEVER seen anything like that, EVER. That was the most STUPENDOUS piece of diving I have ever seen." The tramp blushed. The captain went on, "but tell me, most amazing of all is how you survived smashing through this boat after you dived - how did you do it." And the tramp looked at the captain, and the crowd and replied modestly: "Well you see... I'm a just poor tramp... so you must understand... I've been through many a hard ship in my life."   Doctor, am I dying? "Doctor, am I dying? I hurt all over, I can't sleep at night, and I have trouble staying conscious" Doctor: Nope, you're just a college student.   What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the titanic? About halfway.   If two vegans are fighting... ...is it still called a beef?   I had dinner with Bernie Sanders and a couple of his staffers last night And when the bill came and nobody reached for it, I eventually took it and paid for it in full plus tip. On our way out Bernie was very happy and exclaimed "That was a great meal, and to think, it was provided to us at no cost!"   At a Nazi mine A worker calls out to Hitler: "Sir, we are mining too many useless Ores" Hitler rubs his chin, contemplating "So mine less" Grammar Nazi chimes in, from above "MINE FEWER" Hitler looks up "Yes?"   Recruitment lady on phone - Sir I have two openings for you.. Me - Yes, I know. (Long silence) Her - asshole Me - prefer the other one...   I ordered some flowers for my wife from 1800Flowers... Now what is she going to do with a truckload of roses?   The Mute Child The little kid never said a word, never uttered a syllable his entire life. Parents took him to doctor after doctor - each doctor said "I have no idea why he can't talk, I can't find any reason for him to remain silent". So the parents finally gave up and accepted their boy couldn't speak and as time passed their son got older. The boy had turned twelve and one morning at the breakfast table he suddenly said in a loud voice "these pancakes taste like shit. Well, his mom was shocked and dropped the dishes she had in hand. She looked at him and exclaimed "Little Bobby - YOU CAN TALK?!?!", and the boy replied "yeah". She was quiet for a moment as the realization sunk in, and then asked "well, why haven't you said anything your whole life up until now?". -- He said "everything has been fine 'til now".   Three nuns were sitting on a park bench when a flasher walks by The first nun, well, she had a stroke. The second nun, why, she also had a stroke. The third nun didn't touch it.   I don't usually brag..... I don't usually brag about my finances, but my credit card company calls me almost every day to tell me my balance is outstanding.   One fine evening a man was riding his motorcycle... ...down a rural country road. It was a gorgeous sight against the red and orange sunset. He had been riding for about an hour and passed all sorts of country sights. A tractor in a field. Cows grazing. A canopy tunnel of trees. And different novelty mailboxes including a bright pink one. . Suddenly a downpour came upon him. The sudden rain made the roads very slippery and he wound up laying the bike over in a ditch. This caused some parts to come loose and hoses break. He reached for his phone but it was soaked and unable to turn on after the accident. Stranded and alone, he decided to walk down the road back the way he came. The pink mailbox was less than a mile away and he figured there was a house nearby. As he finally started to reach the pink mailbox, he noticed there were pink flowers planted around it. He thought nothing of it and made his way down the long now-muddy road. After a few minutes he came upon a huge pink gate with pink railings and a pink call box. The man rang the pink box and a pink tinted screen came on with an old lady answering,Hello? Hello, said the man. Ive been riding down the road and had an accident. Would it be alright if I came in and used your phone? My cell phone is soaked. Of course! said the old woman. And the huge pink gate gave a creak as it opened up. The man walked through the huge pink gate and walked up to her house. It was a massive, 3-story, colonial style house with a porch that wrapped completely around. And it was all pink. The house had pink bushes planted in front. Pink steps with pink banisters led up to the pink porch with pink rocking chairs and pink ceiling fans. He walked up and rang the pink doorbell which gave out a very bright and pleasant ding. The large pink front door opened up and the old woman greeted him with a smile. She was wearing a pink nightgown and pink slippers. Please, come in, she said, and motioned her little hand inside. As the man stepped inside, his jaw dropped. Every single thing inside the house was pink. The tile on the floor was two-toned, checkerboard style pink. The curtains we pink with pink embroidery embellishments. Even the frames on the windows were pink. He took a step and started to take his muddy boots off when he noticed the pink umbrella holder and pink coat rack. You are soaked to the bone! Would you like a towel to dry off? asked the little pink woman. Yes, please, answered the man. Go into the kitchen. The telephone is in there, she instructed, as she went into another room. The man made his way across the entry room into the kitchen. His hand lightly swept across the pink dresser, along the pink walls and pink trim, down the pink door frame, and to the small pink dining table. He sat in a pink chair and picked up the pink rotary phone. Even the telephone wire was pink. He attempted to dial a number but the phone seemed to be disconnected. The little pink lady came in with a large pink towel and handed it to the man. It was warm as if it had just come out of the clothes dryer. Thank you so much, said the man. But I think your phone is disconnected because of the storm. The pink lady responded,Oh, thats a shame. Well, if you need to you can stay in one of the guest bedrooms for the night. The man thanked her for her kindness and made his way up the pink stairs, holding onto the pink banister. He walked down the pink hallway with pink wallpaper. He walked into a bedroom and found it to be completely pink. On the pink bed were some pink pajamas, a pink robe, another pink towel, and a pink travel toothbrush wrapped in plastic. He took the pink towel, pink robe, and pink toothbrush and went to the bathroom to wash up before bed. In the bathroom, the man undressed and used the pink soap and pink shampoo to wash himself. Then he dried himself with the pink towel and put on the pink robe. He used the pink sink to brush his teeth with the pink toothbrush with the pink toothpaste that was already in the pink bathroom. He then went back into the pink bedroom and changed into his pink pajamas. He laid down on the bed and covered himself with the pink blanket and pink sheet. Then, laying his head down on the pink pillow, he fell right to sleep. In the morning, the man woke up and made his way downstairs. In the hallway, he ran into two other men. They introduced themselves and explained to each other why they were there. One man had slid into a ditch near the motorcycle accident and lost his phone. The other man was the pink ladys nephew who came in earlier that morning. After making their way down, they came upon the little old lady was already dressed in a pink top and pink pants with little pink shoes. She was carrying the mans clothes and asked the gentlemen if they would like breakfast. Would you like bacon and eggs or oatmeal? she asked. Ill have oatmeal, Auntie. Ill have bacon and eggs, said the man in the car accident. Ill have bacon and eggs, as well, said the man in the motorcycle accident. Very good, said the little pink lady. She made the breakfast with her pink cooking utensils and pink pots and pans. The bacon sizzled and steam rose into the pink vent. She took out some pink plates and pink silverware and set them on the table where the men were seated. She brought down some pink glasses and poured each man some strawberry milk. They all ate and were satisfied with their breakfast. The man tried the phone again and it was working. He called his wife and asked her to come pick him up. The man in the car accident used the phone and asked his roommate to pick him up. A few hours later, the wife and the roommate both show up and pick up their respective husband and friend. And they all lived happily ever after. There is one conclusion we can take from this story. Two out of three men prefer bacon and eggs over oatmeal.   What do you get if you add yeast to soup? A souprise   My ex always used to annoy me by saying I have terrible aim for a hitman. I miss her.   The paranormal community is in an uproar over a recent surge in "black ghost" sightings only near sources of light Despite proof these are shadows, no one knows what (or who) these entities are.   1989 Alaskan Wild life will get this... Oil   Only 50,000 BC kids will get this Ugga: Ung bung uhh mang Bunga tankun ung Bunga: Nanga uhh ung tangung uhh...unganun Ugga: Inga Bunga langa ung ugg Ugga? Bunga: Ung bunga uhh tangung angu OOK OOOOOK   The Mexican word of the day.. The Mexican word of the day is cashew. Like I'll cashew outside, how bout dat?   What do you call a native american who's balding? A patchy.   Can circumsized men ride bikes on the sidewalk? ..or do you have to be a complete dick..   Back in the 70's you could hold out your hand and a car would pick you up and take you where you need.... Today we call that child abduction.   Heard the sperm bank gives 50 for your sperm. I have a sock in my room worth 3000.   My mother-in-law fell in a wishing well. I didn't know they worked.   A set of jumper cables walks into a bar. The bartender says, "I'll serve you, but don't start anything."   A mexican magician tells the audience he will disappear on the count of 3. He says, "Uno, dos..." and then poof he disappeared without a tres!   What's Donald Trump's favorite operating system? Windows.   I went to jail after dropping the soap. I mean gel, learned my lesson the first time.   How tall is Betsy DeVos? We don't know, she can't measure growth.   What does a bee say when it returns to it's hive? Honey, I'm home!   The awards ceremony at the dog show went horribly wrong. The trophy maker had a grudge against the show. To shame them, the 6 foot trophy was of a feline's behind instead of a pedigree dog. Showrunners and dog owners called the event a "Catastrophe."   My girlfriend said she wanted to try and get rid of her "love handles". I told her she would look stupid without any ears.   what is cows favorite video sharing website MOOtube   What's the difference between your friends and an asshole? I don't stab my asshole when it talks shit.   How many Potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman? None.   A newly graduated doctor is assigned to a rural area, and after a few days he realizes that there were no women in the village, they were all men. After taking a bit of confidence he asks one of his patients that they did when they had the need for sex and the patient replied: That they went down to the river. The weekend came and the doctor went to the river, and there was a huge line of men standing on the shore of the river. Being so well-known in the village, the locals gave him their position on the line, until he reaches the top of the line. Looking ahead the doctor realizes that there is a donkey, he thinks: Wow, have sex with an animal? Poor people. And I cannot deny me now that they have so graciously ceded their positions. Within fifteen minutes of having sex with the donkey, while all the men in the row watched, as he kissed her and bit her ears, one of them walks up to him and secretly ask him: Doctor, how long till you finish? We need the donkey to cross the river, there is a village with women there.   How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish family? Zero.   Why do midgets always laugh when they play soccer? Because the grass tickles their balls.   What do you call the American president when he's taking his prescription hair-loss medication? ...IM-P.O.T.U.S.   Overheard at the Gynecologist Office: A blonde, a brunette red head are waiting to be seen at the Gynecologist office. All three are pregnant. They start talking to eachother about their babies. Brunette: I'm going to have a boy because I was on top during sex. Redhead: Well, I was on the bottom during sex so I'm having a girl. Blonde: Oh my God! I'm going to have puppies!!!   According to a recent study, men on dating sites are more popular if they mention dancing or cooking. Because if theres one thing women love, its a man who can lie.   My girlfriend said she dosent want to be with me anymore I was very suprised that my right hand can talk   Deaf people seem tough to me Because they always let their fists do the talking   You know your pitbull loves you when... You wake up with all your limbs intact.   Four rappers are asked to think of a word that rhymes with orange Eminem: Door hinge Lil Wayne: nigga Chris brown: orange Lil b: bicycle   My friend started annoying me with fowl bird puns But toucan play at that game   The teacher asks the class to use a sentence with the words defense and defeat. The Mexican rasies his hand and says, "I jumped dee fence with dee feet."   If Vladimir Putin wanted to poison a Mexican political enemy, would he use pollonium... Or would he be too chicken?   Confensual sex A couple had been married for 40 years, and decided for their anniversary they would go to the same spot they went on their honeymoon those 40 years ago. It was a nice little spot by a farm, with rolling hills visible in the distance. As they strolled down a path next to the cows, the husband smacked his wife on the behind and said "You know honey, 40 years ago we had sex right here, up against this fence. You remember?" She replied "Yes, I do remember. We sure were something back then, werent we?" He answered "Indeed. How about we do it again for old time's sake?" With that, they proceeded to have sex up against the same fence that they done it against as newlyweds. When finished, the old man exclaimed "Wow honey, you really had a good time, didnt you? You havent moved that much in a long time, in fact, I dont even know if you moved that much when we had sex here 40 years ago!" She said "Well, 40 years ago that fence wasnt electrified."   Here's an insider tip that will save you thousands on your next vacation. Don't go.   A man thought his wife was losing her hearing A man thought his wife was losing her hearing. He was going to the doctor for a check up one day, so he decided to ask the doctor for advice while he was there. He said to the doctor, "Doc, I think my wife is hard of hearing. Sometimes when I ask her questions she can't hear me. What should I do?" The doctor replied, "Here's what you need to do. Tonight while your wife is making dinner in the kitchen, go into the bedroom and ask her what's for dinner. If she doesn't hear you, go into the living room and ask again. If she doesn't hear you while you're in the living room, go into the dining room and ask a third time. If she still can't hear you even from the dining room, go into the kitchen and ask one more time. If she can't hear you while you're in the kitchen, then she must be losing her hearing." So the man took the doctor's advice and tested it out on his wife that night. First, he went into the bedroom and called out to his wife, "Honey, what's for dinner?" No response. So he moved into the living room. He called out again, "Honey, what's for dinner?" No response. So he moved again, this time into the dining room. "Honey what's for dinner?" Still no response. So finally, he moved into the kitchen where his wife was making dinner and asked once more, "Honey, what's for dinner?" His wife turned to look at him with an angry look on her face and said, "Chicken. I told you three times, dumbass."   I don't trust anyone with a conspiracy theory, man. I think they are all up to something.   Why did the binary computer cross the road? 01010100 01101111 00100000 01100111 01100101 01110100 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01101111 01110100 01101000 01100101 01110010 00100000 01110011 01101001 01100100 01100101   A piece of string walks into a bar... "Hi, I'd like to be served please." Says the string. "We cannot serve you, as you are only a string." Said the bartender. Upset, the string comes out of the bar, tears apart his ends, and walks back inside. "Hi, I'd like to be served please." Says the string. "Aren't you just the string I said I won't serve?" The bartender asks. The string says "Nope, I'm a frayed knot!"   Why did the cow go to the gym? To work on his calves.   Trump is a real asset to the country! Fucking Siri! I said Ass Hat not Asset!!!   Sometimes when I turn off the lights and masturbate, it feels like Jesus is watching me. Mexican prison is shit.   What does a neckbeard get when he's sick A malady.   American healthcare be like Ooh no insurance? Bad news you owe 500 I am so sorry! Oh you have insurance! Great news, in that case bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit but fortunately all you would owe is only 700 for deductible and copay!   I hate housework. You do the dishes and you do the washing. Then six months later you have to start again.   Mr. Pott was an average man, with an extraordinary skin condition One day Mr. Pott (legend says his first name was Arthur) went to the doctor to get his skin checked out. He said "Doctor, I have a very odd skin condition. Multiple times a day, my skin will puff up and get all red almost instantly, with no warning." The doctor thought this was very odd, and wanted to have Mr. Pott wait with him in one of his rooms for a while to see if he could catch the odd phenomenon. They waited... And waited... THERE! No, that was just a trick of the light... Hours went by... Finally it was time for the doctor's office to close. Mr. Pott left the office, and as soon as he got into his car, his skin got all red and puffy. He called the doctor the next day, and said that it happened again as soon as he got into his car, and asked if he could come back into the office. The doctor said sure, since he wasn't busy that day. Again Mr. Pott and the doctor waited to witness the described symptoms, but again, nothing happened all day. That night, as Mr. Pott was getting into his car, he broke out in a rash almost instantly. Mr. Pott again called the doctor and asked to come in. Every day Mr. Pott would go see the doctor. This went on for days, weeks, and finally months, to no avail. In fact, the doctor never did see the odd skin condition, because a watched Pott never boils. Edit: A name   A wife was ecstatic that she was going to have twins... ....being the superstitious woman she is, she went to a fortune teller to see her children's fortunes. Fortune Teller: "I have great news, and greater news! You see, one child is going to be a very good professional Football player! Your other child, will be an extremely famous musician!" The wife is amazed, and cannot WAIT to tell her husband the news. She gets home, and tells her husband. Yet, she doesn't get the reaction she had hoped for. The husband goes: "WHAT?!? No child of mine will EVER be a musician!" The husband picks up the nearest lamp, and chucks it towards his wife's belly. The lamp hit the stomach and shattered. Suddenly, a soft beat was playing from somewhere. A face presses against the mothers stomach and starts.. "Bum bum bum bum you hit my brotha but you didn't hit me! Bum bum bum bum"   I took my wife out the other day. What a great shot it was.   I built a Rollercoaster park but it's not as good as a lot of others It definitely has its ups and downs thiugh   daughter prayer A family was having guests to dinner. At the table, the mother turned to her six-year-old daughter and says, "Dear, would you like to say the blessing?" "I wouldn't know what to say," replies the little girl. "Just say what you hear Mommy say, sweetie." Her daughter takes a deep breath, bows her head, and solemnly says, "Dear Lord, why the hell did I invite all these people to dinner?   Why should you never trust harp players? They're always pulling strings   So a conservative and a liberal walk into a bar. The bartender says, "it's malt liquor night, in honor of black history month. Can I get you a 40?" The liberal says "sure that sounds all right." The conservative says "no thanks I'm alt-right."   90s kids won't get this either Jobs   Two fish are in a tank... Suddenly, one turns to the other and says: "Do you know how to drive this thing?"   3 guys are walking next to some mud and find some bricks. They want to see who can throw the bricks the highest but can't seem to figure out how to measure the height that they threw it. One of the guys says "we can just measure how far the brick sinks into the mud." The other two agree to this. The first guy throws his brick and it lodges itself a foot and a half in the mud. The second guy throws his brick up and it lands three feet into the mud. The last guy throws his brick up with all his might... and it doesn't come back down. One day a woman decided to go on a vacation with her parrot. She wanted to go to France but the only tickets she could get were no parrot no smoking tickets. Not wanting to leave her parrot at home, she simply stores the parrot in her shirt and acts like she is pregnant. While on the plane, the pilot is walking down the aisle smoking a cigar. He stops at the woman and asks her how her flight is going. Before she can reply, the parrot says "it's going great". Surprised, the pilot pulls the parrot out from under her shirt. "You can't have a parrot on this plane!" He says. She takes the cigar from his mouth and says "Well you can't have a cigar on this plane!" Enraged, the pilot throws the parrot out the window. This incites the woman to throw the cigar out the window. The pilot returns to the cockpit and is angry about losing his cigar. He's about to light up another one when he hears a knock on the windshield. He looks up and sees the parrot. And what was in his mouth? A brick.   How does one think the unthinkable with an itheberg   whats the saddest story called? my wife.   What's the difference between a hockey player and a hippy? The hockey player showers after three periods.   A pirate captain walks into a bar... ...with a peg leg, a steering wheel hanging from his pants, and a parrot on his shoulder. Bartender: "Excuse me Captain, but you have a steering wheel hanging from your pants!" Pirate: "Arrrrr, I know. It's driving me nuts."   There is a fine line between numerator and denominator but only a fraction of people will get the joke   Did you hear the joke of the bathroom? I didn't either; the door was closed!   A man walks into an online forum.. A man walks into an online forum and tells a joke that nobody really understands. Get it?   How do you get a fish on the line? You call him.   Where did Timmy go during the explosion? EVERYWHERE. He had a newfound respect for life after being spared from such a life-changing event. He went to Arizona, Colorado, New York, England, then settled down in Paris with his now-engaged girlfriend.   My son is nearly 21 years old, but he still gets pampered. He says he's ready for big boy undies, but I'm not sure.   Jim and Trish are both mental patients. One day Jim jumps into the swimming pool but, doesn't come up for air. Quick as a flash, Trish sees her friend in trouble, so dives in and pulls him out. Later, the hospital director calls Trish into his office and says 'Trish, Ive got some good news and some bad news. The good news is, we are releasing you as you are obviously sane 'saving anothers life'. But unfortunately, the bad news is that Jim hanged himself in the bathroom ...' 'Oh no' Trish replies, 'that's where I put him to dry !'   What's the difference between Betsy DeVos and a Grizzly Bear? Betsy DeVos is an actual threat to school children.   I am a serial monogomist I am loyal to my cornflakes.   '90s kids won't get this (cont.) Measles.   Everyone loves to talk about how much they support people with mental illness, but they never follow through when I ask them for help Then they're all like "oh my god" and "calm down" and "sir this is the produce isle please stop crying into the cabbage"   Roses are red, violets are blue. If he's busy on Valentines Day... ...the side chick is you.   I like my coffee black and without crackers.   Donald Trump calls the media 'fake news' even when they're directly quoting something he saidtweeted... ...but since most of the things he says are fake, by transitive property, the news is fake too   The doctor gave me 6 months to live. So I shot him. The judge gave me 20 years. Problem solved.   When I was younger, I really wanted a skateboard but my parents couldn't afford one; so one morning, I woke up early and went to the garage, I got some wood and some nails and beat my parents to death. My foster parents bought me 5 skateboards.   I searched up why incest porn has become so popular this year. Apparently Alabama just recently got internet connection.   Breaking: Betsy DeVos has cancelled.... the subject-verb agreement.   What do traffic lights and liberals have in common? They stop you turning right.. even though its safe to do so. And Im sure theres more please feel free to add !   What do you call the wife of a hippy? Mississippi   Only 1300's kids will get this.. The Black Plague   This 60 year old woman was walking along 5th Avenue when she heard a voice from above "You will live to be 100." This 60 year old woman was walking along 5th Avenue when she heard a voice from above "You will live to be 100." She looked around and didn't see anyone. Again she heard "You will live to be 100." Boy, she thought to herself, that was the voice of God. I've got 40 more years to live! So off she went to the plastic surgeon. She got everything fixed from head to toe. When she left the plastic surgeon's office, she got hit by a bus,died, and went up to heaven. She said to God "You told me I would live to be 100. I was supposed to have had 40 more years. So how come you let the bus kill me?". God said: "I didn't recognize you".   The Muslim Ban Several centuries ago, the Pope decreed that all Muslims had to convert to Catholicism or leave Italy. There was a huge outcry from the Muslim community, so the Pope offered a deal. He'd have a religious debate with the leader of the Muslim community. If the Muslims won, they could stay in Italy; and if the Pope won, they'd have to convert or leave. The Muslim people met and picked an aged and wise Mufti to represent them in the debate. However, as the Mufti didn't speak Italian, and the Pope didn't speak Arabic, they agreed that it would be a "silent" debate. On the chosen day the Pope and Mufti sat opposite each other. The Pope raised his hand and showed three fingers. The Mufti looked back and raised one finger. Next, the Pope waved his fingers around his head. The Mufti pointed to the ground where he sat. The Pope brought out a communion wafer and a chalice of wine. The Mufti pulled out an apple. With that, the Pope stood up and declared himself beaten and said that the Moulana was too clever. The Muslims could stay in Italy. Later the cardinals met with the Pope and asked him what had happened. The Pope said, "First I held up three fingers to represent the Trinity. He responded by holding up a single finger to remind me there is still only one God! Then, I waved my finger around my head to show him that God was all around us. He responded by pointing to the ground to show that God was also right here with us. I pulled out the wine and wafer to show that God absolves us of all our sins. He pulled out an apple to remind me of the original sin. He beat me at every move and I could not continue!" Meanwhile, the Muslim community gathered to ask the Mufti how he'd won. "I haven't a clue," the Mufti said. "First, he told me that we had three days to get out of Italy, so I gave him as they call it 'the finger.' Then he tells me that the whole country would be cleared of Muslims and I told him that we were staying right here!" "And then what?" asked a woman. "Who knows?" said the Mufti. "He took out his lunch so I took out mine." Edit: First time I heard this joke was around a year ago, but I had never heard the Jewish one until shortly after. So yeah, I'm well aware it's a repost, but, obviously by the votes, not that many people heard it the first time around (or second, third...fifth...twenty-second...etc.) so thank you, but it has already been pointed out.   Blonde A blonde goes to a restaurant, buys a coffee and sits down to drink it. She looks on the side of her cup and she finds a peel-off prize. She pull off the tab and yells, "I WON! I WON! I WON a motor home; I WON a motor home!" The waitress runs over and says, "That's impossible. The biggest prize given away was a mini van!" The blonde replies, "No. I WON A motor home, I WON a motor home!" By this time the manager makes his way over to the table and says, "You couldn't possibly have won a motor home because we didn't have that as a prize!" Again the blonde says, "No, no mistake, I WON a motor home, I WON a motor home!" The blonde hands the prize ticket to the manager and he reads, "WIN A BAGEL."   Subreddits appreciating something usually have one of two titles: Xisbeautiful(rdataisbeautiful) or Xporn(rearthporn) Let's just say that rinternetisbeautiful would have a lot more subscribers if they chose the latter   Does your Mum like chicken? No? I bet your Nando's   When God closes a door He opens a window. THAT'S WHY IT'S SO FUCKING COLD IN HERE!   What do you call a food that used to be enjoyed by the poor, but is now eaten by the wealthy elite? Gentrifried rice.   !false It's funny because it's true.   This morning I woke up to a blow job. Oh wait, my job blows every morning.   Scientists have genetically modified a Venus Fly Trap to have the skin of a cactus They say its bark is worse than its bite.   An 85-year old man needs to give a sperm sample... Long An 85-year-old man was requested by his doctor for a sperm count as part of his physical exam. The doctor gave the man a jar and said, "Take this jar home and bring back a semen sample tomorrow." The next day the 85-year-old man reappeared at the doctor's office and gave him the jar, which was as clean and empty as on the previous day. The doctor asked, what happened and the man explained. "Well, doc, it's like this---first I tried with my right hand, but nothing. Then I tried with my left hand, but still nothing. Then I asked my wife for help. She tried with her right hand, then with her left, still nothing. She tried with her mouth, first with the teeth in, then with her teeth out, still nothing. We even called up Arleen, the lady next door and she tried too, first with both hands, then an armpit, and she even tried squeezin' it between her knees, but still nothing." The doctor was shocked! "You asked your neighbor?" The old man replied, "Yep, none of us could get the jar open.".   A boob, a vagina and an asshole walk into a bar... A boob, a vagina and an asshole walk into a bar and they start debating on who is the greatest of the three of them! Boob - "I give milk to new born babies and I'm attractive to the opposite sex, that's why I am the greatest!" Vagina - "That's nothing, I give birth to new born and can accommodate the opposite sex, that's why I am the greatest!" . . . . . . . . . . Why are you scrolling down? It's your turn to speak.   What did one drunk muslim say to another? I'm drunk Ash-faq   When you disagree with someone, it is always better to walk a mile in their shoes. That way, you'll be a mile away from them. And you'll have their shoes.   Was hit by a rental car earlier today... It still Hertz.   What the best way to get anybody's pussy wet? Drop their cat in a pool   What did the grape say when it got squashed? Nothing; it just let out a little wine.   What type of weather is the most offensive? Darude - Sandstorm   That awkward moment when you realise your new 'promotion' involves less power, less money, and less influence. -DJT   What's the difference between a Ferrari and 3 dead babies... I don't have a Ferrari in my garage.   Got sacked from my drug counselling job just because they didn't like my motto. 'It's my way or the highway'.   What is a wolfs favorite puzzle? AWOOObix cube!   What do you call an illegal immigrant fighting a child rapist? Alien vs Predator   Christina Aguilera, Justin Timberlake, Ryan Gosling. Christina Aguilera, Justin Timberlake, Ryan Gosling. Shit. I guess I do have an obsession with Britney's peers.   Trump is the type of guy who will look you square in the eye and shake your hand like a man. While taking a piss on your boots.   A bear and a rabbit were taking a shit in the woods The bear turned around and asked the rabbit, "do you have a problem with shit sticking to your fur?" "No" the rabbit replied. So the bear wiped his ass with the rabbit.   What did one rad say to the other rad? "arrrr matey!"   A man describes his dreams to the psychiatrist. Man - "Last night I dreamed that I was a teepee. The night before I dreamed that I was a yurt. What does it mean?" Psychiatrist - "You're two tents."   Two cows are standing in a field. The first cow says: did you hear about that "mad cow disease" that's going around? That sounds pretty terrible. The second cow says: yeah, it does. Good thing us chickens don't have to worry about that!   Martelleus Bennett is refusing to meat with Donald Trump. Yeah, he's a real Patriot.   GoT joke: What do you call a Dothraki who does jumping jacks every morning? Khal Isthenics.   The restaurant Hooters is known for two things... ...boobs.   A boy asks a girl to prom.., ..and she says yes. Overexcited, he is told he must show up with a limo and a tuxedo. So he goes to the limo rental and waits in the limo line, and he gets the limo. Then, he goes to the tuxedo rental and waits in the tuxedo line. Finally, the big day comes, and he brings his date to prom. She asks him to get some punch. He goes over to get some punch, and realizes there is no punch line.   How does a mathematician solve their constipation? They work it out with a pencil   Why is the music award show in Canada called the Junos? Because everytime someone wins, everyone goes "Juno who that is?"   I used to have diarrhea ...but then I got my shit together.   Do you have a date for Valentine's Day? Yes February 14th.   Why did gravity and magnetism hook up? We don't fully know, but there were definitely forces of attraction at work.   There was a couple that was married 50 years They were sitting at the breakfast table one morning when the man said to his wife, "Just think, honey, we've been married for 50 years." "Yeah," she replied, "Just think, fifty years ago we were sitting here at this breakfast table together." "I know," the man said, "We were probably sitting here naked as jaybirds fifty years ago." "Well," she snickered, "What do you say...should we get naked?" Where upon the two stripped to the buff and sat down at the table. "You know, honey," the lady breathlessly replied, "My nipples are as hot for you today as they were fifty years ago." "I wouldn't be surprised," replied Gramps. "One's in your coffee and the other is in your oatmeal!"   "....so then my wife told me to run out and get her some Head Shoulders" "......nevertheless, this court still finds you guilty Mr. Dahmer"   Why do hummingbirds hum? They forgot the lyrics   Andy has 150 candy bars. He eats 125. What does Andy have now? Andy has diabetes   Why did a scientist install a door knocker? coz he wanted to win a no-bell prize!!!!!!!!   How do you teach someone to make an omelette? Show them an eggsample   I've never understood giving flowers to someone on Valentine's Day. "Here's a dying plant... because i love you?"   I would call Donald Trump a cunt but he lacks both depth and warmth.   So I Heard Facebook has got a new fake news filter. All I wanna know is when they're gonna get the real one.   What do Betsy Devos and Jared from Subway have in common? Both of their main goal is to fuck children.   Did you hear the one about all the missing women in the area? No? Thats good then...   Two employees are standing next to a water cooler talking... One says to the other "Yaknow, our boss says we should be extraordinary but he's average in more ways than one" "Yeah," says the other "you could say he's a double standard!"   Sex with no strings attached? Don't shag a puppet.   The best thing about Betsy DeVos being nominated as the head of department of education ... is the fact they are abolishing it completely.   I think my cellmate was gay last time I went to jail His dick tasted like shit   What piece of sporting equipment is best for provoking a debate? Discus.   Some people just have a way with words and other people oh not have way   Stranger: "I've got no friends." Me: "You're not alone."   Prison sex... It's con-sensual.   What do cows produce during an earthquake? MILKSHAKE!!!!   Two whales walk into a bar.... The first one says: "AOOOOOUUUUUOOOUUUUGGGAAAAUUUOOOOOOOOOOAAAAGOOOOGGGGUUUUUAAAAAAAAA" The second one says: " Go home steve, your drunk   A guy named Paul works in Silicon Valley Paul and his friends are celebrating the successful release of the iPhone 8, and some of them - Paul included - get very drunk indeed. One of them manages to convince Paul, in his drunk state, that anything is edible when combined with enough potatoes and pastry. Paul thinks that this is the most amazing thing he's ever heard, and runs home to test it. After getting home, he looks around for non-food items to eat with potatoes, and eventually settles on the idea of trying to eat a Biro. So he smashes the Biro into small pieces, combines it with a few potatoes, puts the mixture in a savoury pastry, and bakes it for a while. After it's baked, he's slightly less drunk and realises it's not such a great idea to try and eat a Biro, but he knows his friends won't let him forget it if he reneges on his commitment, so he eats it anyway. It takes him a while, and by the time he's finished he feels tired from chewing and wants to wait for the potato to digest, so he decides to try and sleep for a while. While he's half sleeping and half just lying there, Paul - predictably enough - is thinking about Biros, and has a brainwave. His company can put their logo on anything and double the price, right? So why not start selling incredibly expensive writing implements? He writes this down in a fit of genius and takes it into the office the next day. He tells his manager about the idea, who then tells their own manager, and so on and so on. Apparently, someone at the top liked the idea, because the following month, Tim Cook calls a press conference to introduce his new product. Tim walks up onto the stage holding a long, thin object. A larger picture comes up on screen - it's a Biro, but it's made of a light grey plastic and has the company logo on it. Tim announces that the stylish new design is going to be called the iWrite, and that it will cost 150 at launch. However, to this day, within that office, it's still referred to by everyone who knows its origin as pen-pie-nap Paul's Apple pen.   August 6, 1945 Hiroshima The day Rice Krispies were invented.   What was U2's lawyer's hourly rate? Nothing, he was pro-Bono   I was reading a book about paint today and I just burst into tears I was overcome by emulsion   What did O say to Q? Put that thing away, there are kids here.   Betsy DeVos's school funding plan... You start with 0. But if you sign up 5 kids for school, and those kids sign up 5 more kids, and THOSE kids sign up 5 more kids...   Two balloons were flying in the desert... ... and one of them said: "Be careful, there's a cactusssssssssssssssssssssssss".   What do you call a super model with a yeast infection? A quarter pounder with cheese   A Bin Man is Out Emptying Bins... He goes down the street, collects the bins, empties them and puts them back. He gets to one house and they don't have their bin out. Being the nice man that he is, he goes to ask the owner of the house where their bin is so they won't have to wait for it to be emptied. So he knocks on the door and about a minute or two later an asian man opens the door. The bin man says, ''Hi, sorry to bother you, but where's your bin?'' The asian man looks confused. ''Um, a bin upstairs,'' he says. It's now the bin mans turn to look confused. ''Why is your bin upstairs?'' He asks. The asian man begins to look nervous. His eyes dart from left to right. A single bead of sweat runs down his forehead. ''Um, a was, um, a was on toilet,'' he stammers out loudly. The bin man realises his mistake. ''Right, sorry, I see what's going on. No, I meant to say where's your wheelie bin?'' The asian man sighs and looks at the ground, clearly defeated. ''Okay, you got me,'' he looks up at the bin mans face. ''A bin upstairs masturbating!''   Never date a tennis player Love means nothing to them - Matt Winning, 2015   What's the difference between a Boy Scout and a guy who fixes bicycle horns? One's motto is 'Be Prepared', the other's is 'Beep Repaired' EDIT:I reached rall, I promised a friend of mine that I would stop calling his mom hot if I reached all. He sends his regards...   I love hyperbole It is literally the best thing ever!   My wife is like the square root of -100... A perfect 10, but completely imaginary   So Queen of Englad was bored and summoned an American, a frenchman and a russian... They gather at the palace. The queen says: "Bring me your greatest weapon!". And so they went and came back. The frenchman brought a pistol, the american - an assault rifle while the russian is nowhere to be seen. The queen got tired of waiting and said the rest: " now take those weapons and shove them up your arse!" The frechman takes the pistol and shoves it up no problem, didnt feel a thing The american is stuffing the rifle as hard as he can and keeps crying and laughing, crying and laughing The queen asks:" why are you alternating between crying laughing?" The american answers:" I'm crying because this hurts, jesus fucking christ. I'm laughing because the russian is driving over here with a fucking tank" edit: forgot some words   "Which hand do you use to stir your coffee?" "My right?" "How original, I use a spoon"   How do you stop a mole from digging? Take his shovel away   What's Donald Trump's spirit animal? The wall-rus. Yes, I do hate myself.   How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Never mind, it's an obscure number you probably haven't even heard of before.   My American Car... was Made in Mexico. My Japanese car was Made in America.   The Nun and the Uber Driver One night, an Uber driver picked up a nun. While he was driving, the driver started to laugh insanely. "Why are you laughing?" asked the Nun "Oh it's nothing." said the Uber driver "No really" said the Nun, "I won't mind" So the driver told her, "Well, it's really silly but I've always had this fantasy of having a blowjob from a nun" "Well then, what's your name?" the nun enquired. "Robert" "Are you married?" "No" "Are you Catholic?" "Yes" "Then pull into the alley way" The driver was so stunned he didn't want to give up this chance so he pulled into the alley, when they were finalised they returned to the car. While driving, "Robert" started to cry. "Why are you crying?" asked the nun. "I'm sorry, I lied" "How so?" "Well my name is Daniel. I have a wife and three kids and I'm Jewish." "Well, I've done a bit of lying too" the Nun grinned "My name is Simon and I'm going to a costume party"   I can only mourn something viewed with my own two eyes... As they say, seeing is bereaving.   People think I'm a pervert... People think I'm a pervert because I sleep with a 9 year old. But you have to remember, dog years are 7 times longer than ours.   So my wife walked into the room while I was having sex with my daughter...... I wasn't sure what she was more freaked out by, the fact that I was fucking our daughter, or that the abortion clinic gave me the fetus.   Why couldn't the ginger bread man walk? Because he had crummy legs.   Trumps favourite joke. What do sharks and people have in common? The only great ones are white.   How Many Dogs Does It Take to Change a Light Bulb? Golden Retriever: The sun is shining, the day is young, we've got our whole lives ahead of us, and you're inside worrying about a stupid burned-out light bulb? Border Collie: Just one. And I'll replace any wiring that's not up to code. Dachshund: I can't reach the stupid lamp! Toy Poodle: I'll just blow in the Border collie's ear and he'll do it. By the time he finishes rewiring the house, my nails will be dry. Rottweiler: Go Ahead! Make me! Shi-tzu: Puh-leeze, dah-ling. Let the servants. . . Lab: Oh, me, me!!! Pleeeeeeze let me change the light bulb! Can I? Can I? Huh? Huh? Can I? Malamute: Let the Border collie do it. You can feed me while he's busy. Cocker Spaniel: Why change it? I can still pee on the carpet in the dark. Doberman Pinscher: While it's dark, I'm going to sleep on the couch. Mastiff: Mastiffs are NOT afraid of the dark. Hound Dog: ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ Chihuahua: Yo quiero Taco Bulb. Pointer: I see it, there it is, right there... Greyhound: It isn't moving. Who cares? Australian Shepherd: Put all the light bulbs in a little circle... Old English Sheep Dog: Light bulb? Light bulb? That thing I just ate was a light bulb?   Two teenagers snuck into a crypt at night. One tripped over a small bone and the other unashamedly laughed. Can't blame him though, it was a little humerus.   Frank the Human Cannonball retired yesterday and has yet to be replaced... The circus owner said, "It's hard to find another man of that caliber."   Nintendo, don't be a Valve Make Luigi's Mansion 3!   I get paranoid when I smoke Sometimes I get paranoid when I smoke, like last time I got so high I convinced myself my girlfriend was sleeping with my bestfriend. Luckily for me though it was only my second best friend.   A guy dies and wakes up on a beach. Nice weather, hot girls playing beach volleyball, barbeques everywhere, laughter and joy. All of a sudden, Satan comes up to him. "Welcome to hell. Enjoy yourself, have a drink, have a hamburger and check out the area. If you need anything or have a question, feel free to ask me." he says. The guy walks along the beach, has a few drinks with a nice girl. He walks over a hill, when he sees a hole in the ground, full with tormented people, flames rising up from the hole. The guy runs towards the beach until he finds Satan. "Hey, I found this hole and all these people are being tormented... Whats that about?" "Oh," Satan says, "thats for the Christians, they want it that way."   I lead a pretty rock n roll lifestyle I wake up stoned and roll out of bed   A Scientologist lived alone with his dog for company. When his dog died he asked the Scientologist Minister if he would have a funeral service for his dear dog. The Minister replied "we can't have funeral services for dogs in the church of Scientology, but the baptists might say something for your dog" The man said "thank you Minister, do you think 5,000 would be enough to donate to them for the service?" The Minister replied "Oh dear me, why didn't you say the dog was a Scientologist"   Theres that moment when you put your steak on the grill and your mouth waters all over from that amazing smell. Do you vegans feel the same when you mow the grass?   Pakistani breakup line Boy to Girl: It's not you, it's my goat !   A buddy of mine got sent to jail A buddy of mine got sent to jail and completely lost his shit as soon as he got there. 30-seconds in, he punched another guy, that guy went down, and a huge fight broke out. There was a lot of blood, a lot of swearing, and the whole time my buddy was just swinging wildly and shouting absolute nonsense. We don't play Monopoly together anymore.   Ren Descartes walks into a bar.... The bartender asks if he'd like a beer. "I think not." and he promptly vanished from existence.   When life hands you lemons.....Make lemonade Then, find someone for whom life has handed them Vodka....   The SandersCruz debate was really weird It was like peeking into an alternate dimension where both parties had hindsight   How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb? One to screw it in. One to excoriate men for creating the need for illumination. One to blame men for inventing such a faulty means of illumination. One to suggest the whole screwing bit to be too rape-like. One to deconstruct the lightbulb itself as being phallic. One to blame men for not changing the bulb. One to blame men for trying to change the bulb instead of letting a woman do it. One to blame men for creating a society that discourages women from changing light bulbs. One to blame men for creating a society where women change too many light bulbs. One to advocate that light bulb changers should have wage parity with electricians. One to alert the media that women are now out-lightbulbing men.   An old farmer wrote a letter to his innocent son in prison: "This year I'm unable to plant potatoes because I can't dig the ground. I know if you were here you would've helped me." His son replied: "You idiot, don't dig the ground, I have hidden guns there." Pretty soon, the Police read the letter, and the very next day the ground was dug by the police, and searched for guns but nothing was found. The son wrote again: "Now plant your potatoes dad, its the best I could do from here."   Why was the mathematician overweight? Because he ate three squared meals a day   What's the tallest building in the world? A library, cause it has so many stories   Why do Phish concerts have the best drugs? Because if you're not tripping ballsack you'll realize you paid 45 bucks to listen to cheese eating Vermontians tune their instruments for 6 fucking hours.   If quizzes are quizzical then what are tests? STUPID.   Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married. The ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent.   What did Robocop say to the criminal he's fucking to death? "Dead or alive, you're coming with me."   What's the hardest part when telling a gay joke? Keeping a straight face.   I saw my first coloured movie today One guy was half black and half white and another guy was half white and half black   Why are Marxists good at hiding? Commieflage.   A severely obese man walks into a doctor's office to get his medical results. He waddles his way into the room before he manages to climb up onto the examination table. The room falls silent while the doctor reads through his file. "So we did your blood work and I'm sorry to be the one to tell you this...but you have a pretty bad weight problem." The man sitting on the examination table looks at him with a face of confusion as silence fills the room. He finally answers "...you realize I know that, right? I've been overweight for years. You aren't telling me anything that I don't already know." The doctor tosses the man's file onto his desk before cupping his hands over his mouth in momentary thought. "You don't seem to understand the weight of your situation so let me attempt to break this down for you. I have been in practice for almost 15 years and you are literally the fattest man who has ever walked into this office. You aren't just fat, you are at a level of obesity that I personally didn't even think was medically possible. The fact that you were able to walk into this office on your own strength alone is a miracle that would make Jesus Christ ask How'd he do that? and that guy walked on water. When we did your blood work, your blood sugar level was at 500 which effectively makes you a brand of coffee sweetener. I couldn't even take your blood pressure with a normal pressure cuff because of how fat your arms are. I had to jerry-rig a cuff out of the spare tire of my Ford F150. Your cholesterol level came back as Land-O-Lakes. My goal is to try and get that to "I can't believe it's not butter" but even that's a long shot. Your blood was so thick and meaty that we received a call from the blood center asking us why we decided to send them a tube of Ragu to analyze. Are you following me on this or do you need me to give you some more examples?" The room goes quiet again as the severely obese man stares at the doctor with a face that is beat red from anger. "You know what? I didn't come in here to be insulted. I came here to get my medical results from someone who I thought was supposed to be helping me. You may think that you're trying to help me but what exactly are you accomplishing by being such a scumbag about it?" The doctor goes silent for a moment before finally responding. "I was gonna sugar coat it but I was concerned you might eat me."   Crazy times. Republicans silenced Elizabeth Warren. Do you know what kind of power that takes? To silence the world's loudest woman?   The dentist told me I need a crown. I'm like, "I know, right?!"   A prominent art collector quits the Cabinet immediately after his confirmation He had stumbled into the wrong auction   WARNING to all in the North Side of Chicago, there is a scam taking place! A scam is being pulled, mainly on older men. What happens is that when you stop for a red light, a young nude woman comes up and pretends to be washing your windshield. While she is doing this, another person opens your back door and steals anything in the car. They are very good at this: They got me 7 times Friday and 5 times Saturday. I wasn't able to find them on Sunday.   I screamed my crushes name while having sex with my girlfriend But she didn't care 'cause Mercy isn't our safeword.   What do you get when you cross a Hells Angel with a Jehovah's witness? They come to your door and tell you to fuck off   What's the difference between Japanese sake bars and doctors in Oregon? One of them serves adults in Asia...   When do people have unhappy bowel movements? On sad-turd-days.   A man is driving down the road and breaks down A man is driving down the road and breaks down near a monastery. He goes to the monastery, knocks on the door, and says, My car broke down. Do you think I could stay the night?The monks graciously accept him, feed him dinner, even fix his car. As the man tries to fall asleep, he hears a strange sound.The next morning, he asks the monks what the sound was, but they say, We cant tell you. Youre not a monk.The man is disappointed but thanks them anyway and goes about his merry way.Some years later, the same man breaks down in front of the same monastery.The monks accept him, feed him, even fix his car. That night, he hears the same strange noise that he had heard years earlier.The next morning, he asks what it is, but the monks reply, We cant tell you. Youre not a monk.The man says, All right, all right. Im dying to know. If the only way I can find out what that sound was is to become a monk, how do I become a monk?The monks reply, You must travel the earth and tell us how many blades of grass there are and the exact number of sand pebbles. When you find these numbers, you will become a monk.The man sets about his task. Forty-five years later, he returns and knocks on the door of the monastery. He says, I have traveled the earth and have found what you have asked for. There are 145,236,284,232 blades of grass and 231,281,219,999,129,382 sand pebbles on the earth.The monks reply, Congratulations. You are now a monk. We shall now show you the way to the sound.The monks lead the man to a wooden door, where the head monk says, The sound is right behind that door.The man reaches for the knob, but the door is locked. He says, Real funny. May I have the key?The monks give him the key, and he opens the door.Behind the wooden door is another door made of stone.The man demands the key to the stone door.The monks give him the key, and he opens it, only to find a door made of ruby.He demands another key from the monks, who provide it.Behind that door is another door, this one made of sapphire.So it went until the man had gone through doors of emerald, silver, topaz, and amethyst.Finally, the monks say, This is the last key to the last door.The man is relieved to no end.He unlocks the door, turns the knob, and behind that door he is amazed to find the source of that strange sound.But I can't tell you because you're not a monk.   How does a quarterback discipline his kids? Intentional Grounding   Why don't squirrels mate in the summer? Because they're storing their nuts for the winter.   Bin Laden said it was ok to masterbate.... I guess they should have called themselves the Tali-whackers.   Chlorine texts potassium, asking to borrow an electron. Potassium replies, "K"   It's 2018. A student insults his teacher, "without us, you wouldn't have a job!" The teacher looks him in the eye, and says "without your parents' money, you wouldn't have a teacher"   '90s kids won't get this Social security   On a scale of Casey Anthony to Jerry Sandusky How much do you love your kids?   What's the difference between a Republican senator and a prostitute? A prostitute takes your money to fuck you. A Republican senator collects money from someone else and then fucks your children.   I posted "In the end, I hope Trump is just a bump in the road and we go on about our business" Was answered "yeah, in that case, the line of cars waiting their turn will stretch to the horizon"   Why is there no such thing as a drug sniffing dog ? Because the dog will high at training   What did the Bunny say to the Carrot? I'm going to eat you!   Dear Justin Bieber haters, please respect him I owe him my life. Last year August, i had been in a coma for 6 months. Then one day my nurse turned on the radio to his songs. So i woke up and turned it off..   Why don't women fart? They can't keep their mouths shut long enough to build up any pressure.   Why do guys snore when they sleep on their back Their balls fall over their asshole and the air has nowhere else to go   My husband almost gave me a heart attack when he said "I like my men like I like my coffee...." "and I fucking hate coffee."   The rancher had 196 cows But when he rounded them up he had 200   I can't believe they are still together after all those years of shit Who? My butt cheeks   Does anybody know how to get rid of smelly feet? Asking for a foot   My neighbors caught me watching them have sex through their bedroom window and told my parents. My dad made me apologize and told the couple I was normally above that type of behavior. I took the advice and started watching through the skylight.   The Toilet! My wife, Judy, had been after me for several weeks to varnish the wooden seat on our toilet. Finally, I got around to doing it while Judy was out. After finishing, I left to take care of another matter before she returned. She came in and undressed to take a shower. Before getting in the shower, she sat on the toilet. As she tried to stand up, she realized that the not-quite-dry epoxy paint had glued her to the toilet seat. About that time, I got home and realized her predicament. We both pushed and pulled without any success whatsoever. Finally, in desperation, I undid the toilet seat bolts. Judy wrapped a sheet around herself and I drove her to the hospital emergency room. The ER Doctor got her into a position where he could study how to free her (Try to get a mental picture of this.) Judy tried to lighten the embarrassment of it all by saying, "Well, Doctor, I'll bet you've never seen anything like this before." The Doctor replied, "Actually, I've seen lots of them I just never saw one mounted and framed."   Just found a hat with a hundred pound in it!!! The guy playing the guitar was well jealous that he never noticed it first! Chased me all the way down the street.   TIL Abraham Lincoln is the only president that cannot be convicted of a crime Because he's innocent.   What do you do if you miss your mother-in-law? Reload. (Thanks Bob Dylan via Theme Time Radio Hour)   My friend asked me what my sex life has been like in the past..... I said it was like the Bowling Green Massacre :(   Unemployment at its best! An Israeli doctor says: "In Israel, medicine is so advanced that we cut off a man's liver put them on another man, and in 6 weeks, he is looking for work." The German doctor says: "That's nothing, in Germany we take part of a brain, put it in another man, and in 4 weeks he is looking for work." The Russian doctor says: "Gentlemen, we take half a heart from a man, put it in another's chest, and in 2 weeks he is looking for work." The American doctor laughs: "You all are behind us. Two days ago, we took a man with no brains, no heart, and no liver and made him President. Now, the whole country is looking for work!"   What's the difference between a frog and a horny toad? Frog said ribbit ribbit. The horny toad said rubbit rubbit   A cop passes out some joints as part of a drug education program A school police officer passes out 3 joints to the teenagers in the classroom. He tells them that if he doesn't get them all back, he's putting the whole school into lock down and searching everyone. When he collects the weed, he only get 2 joints. Before he starts searching everyone, someone comes up with the weed. Another kid looks like he's about to say something, but puts his hands back in his pockets and looks around nervously.   What do Spanish people call their young Jewish friends? Amigos Menorahs.   What do Princess Kate and Osama bin Laden have in common? They both had their back doors blown out by a guy in the navy.   I was woken up at 5am by a crow... It just wouldn't stop cawing. After an hour I felt like shooting the damned thing! Then another crow joined it and they started to have a jolly old conversation. I wanted to blow both their heads off! One more crow and there definitely would've been a murder.   Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson were going camping. They set up their tent, started a campfire, and laid down their sleeping bags inside of the tent. After a few hours of playing cards and joking by the fire, they extinguished the fire and went to sleep. Holmes awoke Watson in the middle of the night and they looked up at the starry night sky. "Watson, look at the sky, what do you see?" "I see thousands of shining stars, and it's hard to believe how many millions of billions of miles away they are from us." replied Watson. "And what is else can you infer?" said Holmes. "Well, if our sun is just a mere star among trillions, then we can safely assume there are billions of planets out there, and planets like Earth. And then life in the cosmos is a possibility." "Watson, you dumbass, someone stole our tent." Edit: saw this on a tumblr post and couldn't find it, rewrote it and full credit goes to OP of that post.   What do you call a dog kennel in San Francisco? Luxury apartments   "No" means "NO"!..... Unless she's dyslexic, then it's ON!   A man approached Captain Von Trap and said, "No offense, but is that short haired blonde single?" "Nun taken."   A tough, old cowboy walks into a bar with a gun in his holster... He trips upon entering the bar and his gun fires, with the bullet hitting him in the foot. His big toe is taken off, laying on the floor in a pool of blood. The cowboy limps up to the bar and asks for a shot of whiskey. The bartender stares at him and says, "You just shot yourself in the foot, go to a doctor!" The cowboy looks at him and says, "Give me some whiskey, and quit being lacktoes intolerant!" Edit: spelling   A cop goes up to the window of a car he's just pulled over Cop: "Any drugs or alcohol today?" Man: "No but I vape" Cop: "Look pal, I don't give a shit if you're gay, just answer the question."   I tried to start an online bakery. But I accidentally deleted all my cookies.   I just spawned in and instantly died... But isn't that how abortion works?   What comes after 69? Listerine.   What do you get if you cross a Rottweiler and a Labrador? A dog that scares the shit out of you then runs away with the toilet roll.   How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram   Wanna get a pizza and fuck? Guy: Hey, wanna get a pizza and fuck? Girl: No. Guy: What? You don't like pizza.   Make your Betsy DeVos jokes soon.. While people can still read   My buddy and I both have the flu. I invited him over for Netflix chills.   Why should women stop having children after 35? Because 36 is too many   How is driving a Ford truck similar to visiting Thailand? Either way, you're likely to blow a tranny   If you cited something from Reddit... I guess you could call it Creddit   The trampoline used to be called a jumpoline. They changed the name to Tramponline when my Mother in law got one.   Two cows are eating grass in a field The first turns to the second and says "Moooooo" The second turns to the first and says "I was just about to say that"   A feminist got mad because I said boys and girls instead of girls and boys I asked what's it matter, I always cum first   "You snooze, you lose." -Competitive insomniacs   What's the difference between meeting me in a bar and meeting Bill Cosby in a bar? You'll remember meeting me   Phone Call I was in the public toilets and had just sat down, a voice from the next cubicle said Hi!, how are you? Embarrassed, I said, Im doing fine. The voice said So what are you up to?. I said, Just doing the same as you, sitting here!. From next door, Can I come over?. Annoyed, I said, rather busy right now. The voice said, Listen, i will have to call you back, theres an idiot next door answering all my questions..   What do Lebron and a gigolo have in common? They've both got a rim-job to do.   Tobacco companies kill their best customers And condom companies kill their future customers   Many people are asking me who I think will win the boxing match between Chris Brown and Soulja Boy, but Chris is the obvious choice as far as I'm concerned. After all I've seen his handiwork years ago and it's not too shabby.   My friend asked me to stop singing Wonderwall I said maybe   A young morticians apprentice crashes through the door of his mentors office and says excitedly: "Hey Monty! You gotta check out this lady that just came in." Monty slowly gets up from his chair. "You know Mike, there isn't much I haven't seen. A lot of bodies have come through these doors." "Yeah, but have you ever seen a chick with a shrimp in her pussy?" Monty is intrigued. He follows Mike out to the stainless steel table and looks at the cold, naked body of a young woman. The young apprentice points triumphantly at his find. "Mike, you'll be disappointed to hear that this is not a shrimp, but is actually this woman's clitoris." Mike furrows his brow and looks first unsure, then embarrassed. "Well jeez Monty, it sure tasted like shrimp."   I found the simplest, best way to shave You have to use Occam's Razor   I told the Subway sandwich lady not to forget my pickle. It was a big dill   Why was tigger looking in the toilet? He was looking for Pooh.   They say that cows kill more people than airplane crashes... It's true, my ex once chased me with a knife.   Fight Club is the best bromance movie that never happened!   Mr. Trump, did you know Beethoven was deaf? Trump: And how was he able to make all those movies?   What do you call a magical dog? Labracadabrador   911 wasn't an inside job because all the employees jumped outside.   Early one morning a son goes up to his dad and asks "What's the difference between a cunt and a pussy?" Looking a little surprised the dad goes "Come with me and I'll show you" Takes him into his mothers bedroom where she still sleeps and lifts up the sheets. Dad : you see that, that's a pussy Son: can I touch it? Dad: fuck no, you'll wake the cunt up My uncles told me this.   Why was the vulture kicked off of the airplane? Because he ate a passenger's carrion!   I totally blew it with my new girlfriend That's how it goes with inflatable partners.   What's the difference between a well dressed man on a bike and a badly dressed man on a unicycle? Attire.   What do penguins do in a race? They peng-win   What do Betsy Devos and the Catholic Church have in common? They may help some, but it's mostly just a bunch of kids getting fucked.   I was suffering from short term memory loss But then I found my ram.   What do you call a cannon that can't fire properly? Projectile Dysfunction. I'll see myself out.   My math teacher called me average... How mean   What does the dyslexic cow say? oom   What's the difference between an encyclopedia and a Republican senator? The encyclopedia has a spine. (Apologies to Senators Collins and Murkowski)   What did the Muslim say to Castro's gay lover? "Stop, you are Infidel!"   What do you and the universe have in common? You both started with a Big Bang. (I've known this joke for a longtime and I don't remember if I made it)   What do you call interracial Game of Thrones porn? Taking the black   A man walks up to the pearly gates Saint Peter asks, "How did you get here?" The mans answers, "Flu."   Teacher asks class: "use the word Dandelion in a sentence" Teacher asks class: "use the word Dandelion in a sentence" Jamaican student: "the cheetah is faster dandelion" Everyone dies   Who lives in a pineapple under the sea? Bin Laden   What type of berry can you drink out of? A strawberry.   What do you call a heavy trash can that tips things over? A bin Laden.   What do you call a group of ducks quacking at once in a disorderly fashion? Quack-aphony   Why did Donald Trump blush? He saw the climate changing.   My dad told me to wipe my computer before I sell it. I said, "Why?" He said, "Because there's cum all over it."   I wanted to take a Chinese cooking class. But looking into it, it seemed like too much wok.   A guy walks into a brothel... A guy walks into a brothel and says to the madam, "I want the worst sex in the place. If she's miserable, I want her". The madam asks, "Are you crazy sir"? "No" replies the guy "Just homesick".   Toilet bowls .... should be higher   Apparently I'm allergic to Burt's Bees body wash Broke out in hives   This year I got my Valentines Day cards mixed up. My girlfriend thinks I love her and my wife thinks I want to fuck her.   How many citrus fruits does it take to kill a pirate? None.   What do you call a large body of water that's salty and filled with promiscuous women? The Hoecean.   2 Vegans arrive on an Arabian shore They debate wether or to pretend they aren't vegan. The villagers come and welcome them, they offer food and water. The first one says he's vegan and that he can't eat meat. The villagers eagerly give him hummus and falafel. They ask the second one if he is vegan as well. He says that it's fine, he'll eat anything, expecting to be sharing the meal with his friend. Villagers: Perfect! Happy Eid! Come help us get a goat, you will eat a big meal with us tonight.   Why did the dentist's accountant get arrested? Incisor's trading.   Falcons Fans (a bit late but...) Falcons fans be like Notmysuperbowl   How many republicans does it take to screw in a light bulb? Ah, I'll have get back to you on that one...   Why did the fighter jet go to the doctors office? Because it had ejectile dysfunction.   They're finally cracking down on Instagram pages that promote white-supremacy... or as I like to call them: gram-crackers.   My wife said, "When I die, I want everyone at my funeral to be happy, not sad and depressed." I said, "Don't worry. They will be."   My girlfriend asked me if I'd ever been in a fight and I told her that I hadn't. "You're a pussy," she said. "I once sent a guy to hospital." I said, "We're talking about fighting, not cooking."   Trump is doing something that no one, in the history of democracy, is known to have done before: He's demanding a recount after he won the election.   Guys, the book of Revelation is finally coming true, if you don't belive me, look it up... We've heard the final Trump-Pence.   Soviet joke Three men have to share a hotel room in Chelyabinsk during a congress. Naturally, in the evening, they start drinking. One thing leads to another, and they find themselves telling political jokes. Concerns that any of the others may be KGB informants or that the room may be bugged are readily dissolved in alcohol. Everybody is having a great time. One is tired and really feels like sleeping; he decides to pull a joke on the others. He excuses himself, runs to the lobby and gives the receptionist a few bills. Please send someone to my room with a bottle of vodka, some rye bread and salt in ten minutes. He then returns to the room. After a few minutes, he notes to the others that stocks of refreshments are running low. Not to worry, comrades! I have good contacts. He leans over towards the potted plant in the corner, grabs it and loudly says, as if speaking into a microphone: Comrades at the listening post, this is lieutenant Dyatlov! We urgently require a bottle of vodka, some rye bread and salt to our room! Make haste! The others laugh their asses off until a minute later, theres a knock on the door and vodka, salt and rye bread is served. You could hear a pin drop. Our man goes to sleep, enjoying the quiet. When he wakes up in the morning, the others are gone. A note is left on the table. Comrade! A couple of your jokes yesterday would easily get you to Siberia! (The one about Stalins maid, while hysterical, could get you in front of a firing squad!!!) However, we liked that room service joke so much, well let you off the hook this time. Sincerely, KGB.   Advanced Medical Science Comparison An Israeli doctor says: "In Israel, medicine is so advanced that we cut off a man's liver put them on another man, and in 6 weeks, he is looking for work." The German doctor says: "That's nothing, in Germany we take part of a brain, put it in another man, and in 4 weeks he is looking for work." The Russian doctor says: "Gentlemen, we take half a heart from a man, put it in another's chest, and in 2 weeks he is looking for work." The American doctor laughs: "You all are behind us. Two days ago, we took a man with no brains, no heart, and no liver and made him President. Now, the whole country is looking for work!"   I told my friend I watched The Two Towers and it was fun I've never seen him get so angry over a Lord Of The Rings film.   My neighbours love my taste in music. They even call the police to listen it.   Why don't Falcons eat cereal? They lost the bowl   Who's jesus favourite singer Michael bible   I just divorced my wife of six years. It was very amicable. She was the first one to "like" my Facebook status when I indicated I was single again.   First Day of School It was the first day of school and a new student named Pedro, the son of a Mexican immigrant, entered the fourth grade. The teacher said, "Let's begin by reviewing some American history. Who said 'Give me Liberty, or give me Death?' " She saw a sea of blank faces, except for Pedro, who had his hand up. "Patrick Henry, 1775." "Very good! Who said "Government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth" "? Again, no response except from Pedro: "Abraham Lincoln, 1863," said Pedro. The teacher snapped at the class, "Class, you should be ashamed. Pedro, who is new to our country, knows more about its history than you do." She heard a loud whisper: "Screw the Mexicans." "Who said that?" she demanded. Pedro put his hand up. "Jim Bowie, 1836." At that point, a student in the back said, "I'm gonna puke." The teacher glared and asked, "All right! Now, who said that?" Again, Pedro. "George Bush to the Japanese Prime Minister, 1991." Now furious, another student yelled, "Oh yeah? Suck this!" Pedro jumped out of his chair waving his hand and shouting to the teacher, "Bill Clinton to Monica Lewinski, 1997!" Now, with almost a mob hysteria, someone said, "You little shit. If you say anything else, I'll kill you." Pedro frantically yelled at the top of his voice, "Gary Condit to Chandra Levy, 2001." The teacher fainted, and as the class gathered around her on the floor, someone said, "Oh shit, we're in BIG trouble now!" Pedro whispered, "Saddam Hussein, 2003.   A midget psychic just escaped from prison... She's a small medium at large.   Well to be Frank... I would have to change my name.   The sign said, "Pay with your phone." Sorry Wendy's, but I think my iPhone7 is worth a little more than your triple baconator.   I saved 1.50 today... Today I came home from work, out of breath and sweaty. My wife asked me what happened, to which I replied, "I saved 1.50 today by jogging behind the bus instead of riding it." Instead of looking pleased, my wife looked annoyed. "Bloody moron," she said, "if you had jogged behind a taxi you could have saved 20!"   My girlfriend wanted me to treat her like she was special... ...so I got her a helmet and a box of crayons!   What did they call Mozart after he died? A decomposer Baddoom-tish   Optimist vs Pessimist Optimistthe glass is half full Pessimistthe glass is half empty Feministthe glass is being raped   Police officer: "Can you identify yourself, sir?" Driver pulls out his mirror and says: "Yes, it's me."   Around 26 out of 100 people fail at probability theory that's over 60   I went to Jared But then I saw the prices and decided to buy a ring on amazon.   What do you call a letter from a feminist? Hate male.   I don't know why the Samoa Girl Scout cookies are racially insensitive... because I'm white and I have no problem with crackers.   On my flight to Australia I was asked if I had any criminal records I was confused, because I didn't know it was still a requirement   The price of balloons have been plummeting... Specialists say it's due to inflation.   What do you get when you drop a piano on a minor? A flat minor   What do you call an official weapon that shoots pieces of music? A canon canon cannon   Education nominee Betsy DeVos wins Senate confirmation vote I kept seeing this in rnews, but I was sure it belonged here......   Seven eight nine. Cinco seis, "Siete! Que haces?!"   A man walking home at night comes across a drunk fumbling around under a street light. Man: What's going on? Drunk: I'm looking for my keys. Man: Did they fall out of your pocket? Drunk: I don't know but this is where the light is.   The difference between men and women... ...is that after being in a relationship for six months a woman wonders if it's time to say 'I love you' and a man wonders if it time to fart in bed.   Why did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank coffee before it was cool   QUEEN Elizabeth and Dolly Parton die on the same day. QUEEN Elizabeth and Dolly Parton die on the same day, and both go before an Angel to find out if they'll be admitted to Heaven. Unfortunately, there's only one space left that day, so the Angel must decide which of them gets in. The Angel asks Dolly if there's some particular reason why she should go to Heaven. Dolly takes off her top and says, "Look at these, they're the most perfect breasts God ever created, and I'm sure it will please God to be able to see them every day, for eternity". The Angel thanks Dolly and asks Her Majesty the same question. The Queen takes a bottle of Perrier out of her purse, and drinks it down. Then, pees into a toilet and pulls the lever. The Angel says, "ok, your Majesty, you may go in". Dolly is outraged and asked,"What was that all about, I show you two of God's own perfect creations and you turn me down. She pees into a toilet and she gets in! Would you explain that to me"? "Sorry, Dolly says the Angel, but even in Heaven A Royal Flush Beats a Pair No Matter How Big They Are".   I was exposed to a dangerous amount of gamma radiation. It still hertz.   You know the german translation for irony? JewWorkingForGasCompany   The day I cant do my job drunk is the day I hand over my keys today was my last day as a school bus driver   What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.   I recently got hit by a car in a funeral procession... It still hearse!   What is a far right-wing conservatives favorite candy? Preppermints.   Bill Clinton has a smart and beautiful wife Let's just hope she never meets Hillary   You know, I don't find the recent super bowl win all that historic... After all, this isn't the first time Atlanta was burned by the north.   i asked a dyslexic kid if he was Team Santa or Team Satan... (NSFW) he told me to go fuck his mother.   Sounds of a countryside Teacher in a class after holidays: "Children, who has spent the last holidays at a countryside?" Some pupils says that they have. "What new sounds have you heard in there?" "A cow says MOO" "A cat says MEOW" "The guy next door says GET THE FUCK OFF THE TRACTOR!"   What is the bestselling bodycare product amongst terrorists? Lip bomb   An interviewer asked me what my biggest weakness was So I replied "Well I'd say my best strength is my listening skills"   In how many parts does the skull divide? It depends on the strength you use to hit it.   Caught two friends talking shit about me... Oh,did i say talking?I wanted to say taking and on me while i was sleeping   Did your son like his birthday gifts? -Did your son like his birthday presents? -Oh, he broke every single one of them - the phone, gaming console and even notebook.. -My god! Did he break my gift too?! -Nope, your fucking hammer is fine.   I asked my wife if she wanted to try a new sex position called the 68. I asked if she wanted to try the 68. Wife: What's a 68? Well it's when you go down on me, and I'll owe you one.   Whats the difference between Kleenex and the starship Enterprise? They both circle Uranus searching for Clingons   How many of Donald Trump's Cabinet does it take to change a lightbulb? None. Apparently, they prefer holding meetings in the dark.   The Chinese food was good But I miss my dog   My friend asked what to do when the variable and number are next to each other in algebra. I responded "They multiply"   1 MILLION IN HEAVEN Joe asked God, "How much is a penny worth in heaven?" God replied, "1 million." Joe asked, "How long is a minute in heaven?" God said, "One million years." Joe asked for a penny. God said, "Sure, in a minute."   What's the difference between your mom and my penis? I don't get turned on when I slam my penis head in a door.   What's the laziest food? Bread. It likes to "loaf" around.   A man makes a bet with his boss He bets 500 that he can lick his eyeball. Laughing the boss agrees. The man takes off a fake eyeball and licks it. The boss angrily gives him the 500. The man then bets 500 he can bite his own ears. The boss pulls his ears to check if the man is wearing any fake ones, then agrees. The man takes out a set of fake teeth from his mouth and bites his ear with them. Angry, the boss gives him 500 and tells him to go away. The next day, the man comes back. Boss: What now? Didn't you take enough money from me? Man: Trust me. This one should be easy. I bet you all your money back that you are wearing purple underwear. Boss: Haha! My underwear is black! Man: May I see some proof? The boss goes to the washroom and brings back his underwear in his hands. The man cheerfully hands 1000 to the boss. Boss: Why are you so happy? Man: Look around you. All around the office's glass walls your 43 employees are watching. Boss: And..? Man: I bet each of them 500 that I can make you take off your underwear.   A man works for a company for nearly a decade without getting promoted He decides that he can either start kissing ass and climb the corporate ladder or he can kill himself. He chose the latter   What's the worst thing to happen to a banana gun? It gets Jammed   Dorblu A man at a store: "Do you have Dorblu cheese" "What is it Dorblu?" "Oh, it's a kind of cheese with mold" "Sorry, we haven't. But we have Dorblu bread and Dorblu sausage"   Trump's Plan... Maybe Trump's real plan is to make Americans so intolerable that the rest of the world doesn't want to cross America's borders.   What do Michael Jackson and Kmart have in common? They both have boys pants 12 off.   Me and the wife were talking about sexy role playing when she asked what I'd like to do. I said "Well, we go to a bar separately and pretend we've never met" "Ooh, then what?" she answered I said "Nothing, that's it".   What does the travel ban look like at Wal-mart? Well, it's just a small version of regular sized Ban, both the roll-on and invisible solid.   What do you call a russian mall cop? Cyka Blart   How did the Scandinavian countries communicate during WW2? Norse code   I think it's about time we start voting for more politicians with breasts I don't see why not, considering how long we've been voting for complete boobs in the first place.   A teenage boy is getting ready to take his girlfriend to the prom. First he goes to rent a tux, but there's a long tux line at the shop and it takes forever. Next, he has to get some flowers, so he heads over to the florist and there's a huge flower line there. He waits forever but eventually gets the flowers. Then he heads out to rent a limo. Unfortunately, there's a large limo line at the rental office, but he's patient and gets the job done. Finally, the day of the prom comes. The two are dancing happily and his girlfriend is having a great time. When the song is over, she asks him to get her some punch, so he heads over to the punch table and there's no punchline.   I've never gone sailing before, but I want to sail around the world one day... I have a yacht to learn before my trip.   European and American at a urinal A European and American go up to a urinal and start peeing. The European turns to the American and says "Heeey.... American!" The American shoots the man a dirty look and says "European..." The other man says "Exactly! How did you know!" The American says "Well, for starters you're a-peein' on my leg!!!"   A wealthy man owns dozens of island vacation resorts. He has made millions in his investments, and marries a world famous supermodel. Several years down the road, he is diagnosed with an incurable disease. As time passes, he grows more and more feeble, wasting away. As he recognizes that his time is near its end, he has his accountant look over his assets, and finds that, with him being bedridden, his wife has liquedated most of his assets, selling off his resorts to the highest bidder, and keeping the proceeds for herself. The single one remaining is the resort in which he currently resides. Furious, the dying man uses his business contacts to hire an assassin, deciding to use what is left of his assets to pay for his wife's murder. The assassin will kill his wife, chop her body into separate parts, and mail her to each of his past business rivals. The assassin arrives, and the man signs over the deed, saying: "Cut my wife into pieces. This is my last resort."   So a man is at a bar... So there was a guy at a bar drinking and minding his own business. Suddenly, a man walks in carrying a very large duffel bag. He sits down at the bar, and places his bag on the counter. POOF! Out popped a little man from the bag who looked around, and then jumped back in the bag. A few moments later he re-emerged from the bag with a smaller (proportionately sized) piano, and began to play it. Curious, the first guy asks "What's the story behind this guy?" "Well," the second guy says as he reaches into the bag. "I found this in the woods the other day" he said as he pulled a lamp of sorts from the bag. He said "It houses a genie who will grant anybody just one wish! JBe sure to speak clearly though because he is a little hard of hearing." The first guy, not taking him seriously spouts out "Well then I wish for a million bucks." All of the sudden, the bar is instantly filled with ducks, ducks everywhere. "What's with this?!" the first guy asked. "I asked for a million bucks!" "Oh yeah?" the second guy chimed in. "Do you think I wished for a 9-inch pianist?"   I didn't trip I was testing the floors reflexes!   I heard the Obama's just got a cleaning bill from the White House... Apparently they left a huge pile of shit in the oval office.   "What's the difference between an Al-Qaeda base and a Pakistani school?" "I don't know man, I just fly the drone."   Is this subreddit a vaccum? because all the jokes suck.   Police stop old man. Ron Chestna 89 years of age was stopped by the police around 2 a.m. and was asked where he was going at that time of night . Ron replied, "I'm on my way to a lecture about alcohol abuse and the effects it has on the human body, as well as smoking and staying out late." The officer asked, "Really? Who's giving that lecture at this time of night?" Ron replied, "That would be my wife."   Rest In Peace, American Education Coming to an end in DeVos't way imaginable.   I've been seeing this girl for a while, but I had to drop her Someone stole my pair of binoculars   How many athiests do you need to change a lughtbulb? None. It will be changed by itself.   A smart scientist amd a blonde girl sit down on a plane. A very smart man boards a plane and sits down. A blond girl sits next to him. He is bored so he says to her "Let's play a game, I give you a riddle if you cannot find the answer you pay me 5 dollars. If you answer it though you give me a riddle and I don't answer it I'll give you 300" She says "OK, I'll go first." "What goes up a hill on 1 leg and goes down on 2?" He thinks about it for a while but after about 10 minutes can't find a answer so he Google's it. Nothing. He calls scientists and several well educated people. They have no clue. He, a man of his word gives the 300 dollars to her. He asks for the answer she shrugs and hands him 5   A guy walks into a bar He says ouch   My girlfriend thinks I'm incapable of being faithful My wife on the other hand... has a pretty hot sister   Superman flies into a bar OC Superman flies into a bar and orders a bottle of whiskey and a large glass to go with it. He pours himself two swift drinks and downs it as fast as he could. The bartender says "Hey Superman, you look depressed, what's up?" Superman replies after pouring and downing himself another drink. "Did you know that the average woman's pelvis can only take 200 pounds of pressure before being crushed?" "No, I didn't, why?" Superman shudders. "Me neither."   What do you call a fat psychic? A four chin teller   What do you do with a dead chemist? Ba. For those of you that are having a hard time, Ba is the atomic symbol for Barium.   What is 10 blocks long and never had sex? The line for the Nintendo Switch   Trump being elected is proof that we never developed time travel. Today I know why we never developed time travel.   My wife left me because I made too many linkin park references oh well, I guess in the end it doesn't even matter.   Know what's weird about Obama kitesurfing? It means there's finally something he has in common with Trump: watersports.   What does a good bar and a woman have in common? Liquor in the front and poker in the back   I used to work as a corset make for about twenty years But I had to give it up, the work was too constraining.   Winter in Poland is like my ex... ...it doesn't know whether to be cold or hot   I'm sick and tired of hearing the US doesn't have Checks and Balances! What do you think the Koch brother's accountants do?   Home is where your friends are So I'm homeless   A man asks the doctor "Can I take a bath with diarrhea?" Doctor:"If you could fill the bathtub with it, why not?"   Why can't you starve in a desert? Because of all the sand which is there.   Why is the workplace of a penis dangerous ? Has to work in dark, wet caves, while standing all the time   What is Harambe's favorite spice? CAGE-en spice!   What do you get when you mix a bird, a van, and a dog? A flying carpet   Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff. Ba Dum Tshhhh   I can't stand those stupid people who knock on your door and tell you how you need to be "saved" or you'll "burn". Stupid firemen.   Why was Jesus ripped at his crucifixion? Because he was cross-fit!   I ordered a dildo online last week Today it finally came.   When it comes to making a simple, quick dinner, YOU CAN'T BEATRICE! Sorry, you can't beat rice. (by British Comedian Milton Jones)   Girls used to call me ugly until they saw my wallet. Now they call me ugly and poor.   There are 10 types of programmers: Those who understand binary and those who don't   They just got rid of the head of the funfair. That's unfair.   A woman with a long, thick appendage hanging between her legs A young couple are out for a romantic walk along a country lane. They walk hand in hand and as they stroll the guy's lustful desire rises to a peak. He is just about to get frisky when she says, "I hope you don't mind but I really do need to pee." Slightly taken aback by this vulgarity he replies, "OK. Why don't you go behind this hedge." She nods agreement and disappears behind the hedge. As he waits he can hear the sound of nylon knickers rolling down her voluptuous legs and imagines what is being exposed. Unable to contain his animal thoughts a moment longer, he reaches a hand through the hedge and touches her leg. He quickly brings his hand further up her thigh until suddenly and with great astonishment finds himself gripping a long, thick appendage hanging between her legs. He shouts in horror, "My God Mary ... have you changed your sex?" "No," she replies. "I've changed my mind, I'm having a shit instead."   Whom did the Boston Strangler choke last? The Atlanta Falcons.   I'm glad that DeVos was confirmed as education secretary. Now I don't have to worry about my grandkids being able to read some of my dumbest Facebook posts... or anything else, for that matter.   Elephants Never Forget Frank owned a full grown African Elephant and due to the rising costs of living, he found it was getting expensive to feed his pet. Frank thought long and hard for a solution and upon watching a circus program on T.V. thought of the perfect scam to make some quick money. You see Frank had seen elephants stand on three legs, two legs, and even one leg, but he had never seen a full grown elephant take all four feet off the ground at once. So he created a challenge and put it out in the newspapers and T.V. The challenge was for someone to get the elephant to take all four feet off the ground at once without using any device that would actually lift the elephant from the ground such as a crane, hoist, or the like, if successful they would receive a 10,000 dollar cash prize, but the catch was they had to pay 100 dollars to try. Turned out people came from far and wide, even other countries. Everyone tried everything they could from coaxing to hypnosis to threats, but try as they might everyone failed in their attempt. Frank was elated, his scheme was working brilliantly and he was making some nice dough. One day a blue convertible pulled into the driveway and a man in a leather jacket got out and approached Frank. "Good afternoon sir, Is it true that if I can get your elephant to take all his feet off the ground at once I'll win 10,000 dollars?" Frank replied. "Good afternoon to you too sir, yes it is true, but you have to pay 100 dollars per attempt." The man nodded and agreed. He gave Frank the 100 dollars, walked over to his vehicle and opened the trunk. He pulled out an old fashioned wooden Louisville Slugger baseball bat and walked up and looked the elephant in the eye. A few moments later he walked around behind the elephant, took a stable stance and took a home run swing at the elephants testicles that would have made the Babe proud. The elephant trumpeted out and jumped into the air taking all four feet off the ground. Frank stood with his mouth gaping open and reluctantly handed the 10 000 dollars to the stranger. The man got into his car and drove off. A few months later Frank began to get low on funds again. Although his challenge had been won, he had still made a good profit. But now he began to try and think of another scam to make even more money, this time, find one that couldn't be accomplished. So Frank came up with a new challenge and once again put it in the newspapers and on T.V. This time he was sure of his challenge. He had seen elephants move their heads up and down but because of their anatomy they couldn't move it from left to right, only twist it left and right. Once again a 10,000 dollar prize was offered, and a 100 dollar fee to try. So once again people came from far and wide, again even from other countries. Again everything from coaxing to hypnosis to threats were employed but all those who tried failed in their attempt. One day a familiar blue convertible pulled into the driveway and a man in a leather jacket got out and approached Frank. "Good afternoon sir. Is it true that if I can get your elephant to move his head from left to right, I'll win 10,000 dollars?" Frank swallowed hard and replied. "Afternoon sir, yes it is true but you have to pay 100 dollars per attempt." Once again the man nodded and agreed. He handed Frank the 100 dollars and once again walked over to his vehicle and opened the trunk. He pulled out the same wooden Louisville Slugger baseball bat, still stained with the elephants blood from the first encounter and walked up to the elephant. He paused and looked the elephant in the eye, a few moments later he asked. "Remember me?" The elephant nodded it's head up and down "Yes." "Want me to do it again?" The elephant shook it's head from left to right. "No."   Original Content I wish I could post this on another sub   Did you hear about the turtle that became a chef and opened his own restaurant? His specialty is slow cooked meals.   How many suh-dudes does it take to change a lightbulb? None, it's already lit fam!   What's the most confusing holiday for black people? Father's Day!   Why did the Jazz performer wear one shoe? It gave him sole.   My girlfriend is breaking up with me because of my vegan diet... By the way, have I mentioned I'm a vegan?   A Boob a Vagina and an Asshole A BOOB, a VAGINA and an ASSHOLE are debating as to who is the greatest of them all BOOB: I give milk to new born babies and I'm attractive to the opposite sex, that's why I'm the greatest VAGINA: that's nothing. I give birth to babies and I accommodate the opposite sex, that's why I'm the greatest . . . . . . . . . Why are you scrolling down? It's your turn to speak!   I bought my son a trampoline for his birthday... But all the little shit did was sit in his wheelchair and cry. PS:Not sure if this one has been on here before or not, a friend told it to me and I thought it should go here.   Why did the deplorable shoot with his left hand To try and get IN the basket   My apartment has more than nine ants, but my landlord refuses to get rid of them. He claims they have ten ants' rights.   I don't see why Obama gave all his speeches behind bulletproof glass.. I know he's black and all but I doubt he'd actually shoot anyone.   What did the green grape say to the purple grape? Breathe dammit, BREATHE!   What do you call a blind dinosaur? Doyouthinkhesaurus   The Past, The Present and The Future walked into a bar. It was tense.   What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing, they fast.   As an American, you know what really grinds my gears? Not having German Engineering   I saw a mosquito flying over my head and i caught it Then, I took off its wings and I shouted to it "Go Fly!" but it didnt fly. Conclusion: Mosquitoes go deaf when you remove their wings   Where do Palestinians go to have fun at night? The Gaza Strip club.   A Cop is searching for a criminal babysitter. He says, "I am going to search every little crook and nanny."   These Bowling Green Massacre jokes are too soon Out of respect, we should at least wait until it takes place.   ISIS is winning the war By denying US troops visas into territory surrounding the caliphate   I would only play one handed in the music assessment But then I'd be in treble   I was waiting in line at this restaurant to order some fruit punch. That's it. That was the punch-line.   Trump's presidency is historic... He's the first president to ever be more concerned about personal insecurity than he is about national security.   What do muslims color with? Qurayons   I was in an airport in South Korea recently, and while shopping, asked the cashier which currency he preferred. A bit agitated, he replied... "The Korean Won!"   A, C, and E walk into a bar. The bartender says, "Sorry we don't serve minors."   You guys hear about the fire at the circus? It was InTENTSe.   A photon walks into a hotel with his luggage... The bellhop asks, "sir, do you need help with your bags?" The photon responds, "that's alright, I'm traveling light!"   'Knock knock' 'Who's there' 'Okay Google' 'Okay Google, who?' 'Sorry I didn't catch that' 'OKAY GOOGLE WHO?' 'The World Health Organization is a specialized agency of the United Nations that is concerned with international public health. It was established on 7 April 1948, headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland.'   What do you call a Communist sniper? A Marxman   Chuck Norris calls a local hardware store.. Chuck: Do you have a rod? Store guy: Yes. Chuck: Then shove it up your ass. hangs up The store guy again gets a call from Chuck but the store guy thinks he has got it this time. Chuck: Do you have a rod? Store guy: No. Chuck: Did you shove it up your ass? hangs up After a while the store guy again gets a call and the store guy thinks to himself "No way he is gonna have me this time". Chuck: Do you have a rod? Store guy: Yes and no. Chuck: Are you repetitively shoving it up your ass? hangs up The store guy is furious now.He is so furious that this time he calls Chuck. Store guy: Do you have a rod? Chuck: Why? Do you want to shove it up your ass?   How many millennials does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None. Shit's already mad lit, fam.   A concerned husband goes to his priest... "Father, I think my wife is trying to poison me. Every time she makes me something to eat, the rat poison bottle gets lighter and lighter." Troubled by hearing this, the priest tells the man, "I will go and speak with your wife and see what is going on here." The priest then heads to their home and sits down with the wife and has a long discussion. He then comes back to talk to the husband. "I've spoken with your wife for over 45 minutes about this", the priest said. The husband looks intently at the priest, "Yeah, what should I do?" The priest calmly says "you should take the poison."   What's a refugee's favourite song? Welcome to the Jungle   They're going to start letting animals participate in the X Games... They will all have to go through extreme vetting before entering   I went to the sewer the other day... It was a load of crap.   We didn't elect Harambe for president But we still got a gorilla in office   People claim that in the English language, y can be a vowel but I think that's just a myth   What is the difference between Hyaenidae and a butt on weed? The first are hyenas The second is a high-anus.   Went to the gym today and cheered everyone on for an hour. On the way out the trainer stopped me... Confused he asked me what I was doing at the gym. So I told him exactly what I was doing: "Lifting Spirits"   Ray the chicken Ray the Chicken Ray came home one night from a long day at work, slid into bed beside his sleeping wife, and fell into a deep slumber. He awoke before the Pearly Gates, where St. Peter said, 'You died in your sleep, Ray.' Ray was stunned. 'I'm dead? No, I can't be! I've got too much to live for. Send me back!' St. Peter said, 'I'm sorry, but there's only one way you can go back, and that is as a chicken.' Ray was devastated, but begged St. Peter to send him to a farm near his home. The next thing he knew, he was covered with feathers, clucking and pecking the ground. A rooster strolled past. 'So, you're the new hen, huh? How's your first day here?' 'Not bad,' replied Ray the hen, 'but I have this strange feeling inside. Like I'm gonna explode!' 'You're ovulating,' explained the rooster. 'Don't tell me you've never laid an egg before?' 'Never,' said Ray. 'Well, just relax and let it happen,' says the rooster. 'It's no big deal. He did, and a few uncomfortable seconds later, out popped an egg! He was overcome with emotion as he experienced motherhood. He soon laid another egg - his joy was overwhelming. As he was about to lay his third egg, he felt a smack on the back of his head, and heard..... "Ray, wake up! You shit the bed!" Getting OLD just isnt what they said it would be!   Why didn't the Soviet Union join WW2 until 1941? They were using Stalin-tactics   Reddit is like cancer Once you've noticed it it really grows on you.   What's the funniest software? Lotus Notes   Don't. Never laugh at your wifes choices youre one of them   What does the car-loving cowboy say when he meets people? H' Audi   A horse walks into the bar... It neigh's, shits on the floor and walks out, leaving the bar patron's bewildered   Ubisoft Servers. Thats it.   So as I was serving dinner, my wife asked why we were having Brussels Sprouts, "I thought you hated them, having been forced to eat as a child." "I did," I replied, "but I have been trying to do thing I despised as a child to expand my horizons. Surprisingly, I like Lima beans, and I love naps, of course. " "Well I am proud of you! What can I do to help you 'expand your horizons'?" I replied, as nonchalantly as possible, "I am going to need you to fuck my ass".   Request Tell me your best bird puns! Giving someone a bird themed gift, what are some puns I can use for the card? (It's not for a birthday, so "happy bird-day" won't work).   New England Patriots are the Super Bowl World Champions I loved the way they destroyed Germany in semi-finals, and embarrassed Rwanda in the final.   Argon walks into a bar. The bartender says "we don't serve noble gases here." Argon doesn't react.   Where do the light end up? In prism. xD   I recently saw a video of a girl sitting on various fruit To me, that's fucking bananas   How did Jesus feel after the Romans killed him? How did Jesus feel after the Romans killed him? He felt pretty cross.   It was announced yesterday that the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo will make all of its medals from recycled cellphones. Well, theyre going to make the Olympic torch out of a Samsung Galaxy.   Q: What did the thermometer say to the graduated cylinder? A: "You may have graduated but I've got so many degrees"   The Presidential press corps members were discussing how tired they were of being on Air Force One. "Ugh, our space is too cramped, and I'm sick of listening to him brag! He takes anything as an excuse for self-promotion!" Said another, "I know! It's all 'we have the best' this, and 'Yuuuuge' that! I want off!" "I bet anyone 1000 I'll be off this plane in 30 minutes" said Steve from Huffpo. The rest of the reporters quickly took him up on the bet. Just then they were all called to dine with the President. "How about a blessing?" asked reuters. " I give the best blessings. Yuuuge, ask God He'll tell you!" "This is nice china" said AP "I make the best deals with China, YUUUGE deals, I'm always beating China!" "I ran a 5k last weekend" said The Chicago Sun Tribune. "I play the BEST hardball with Iran, I'm making YUUUGE demands!" "I'm having trouble with the ketchup. Hey Trump, can you give me a hand?" As he floated to earth with his parachute, Steve wondered how he would collect all that money from his bet with the press pool.   Verbal skills study "A study in the Washington Post says that women have better verbal skills than men. I just want to say to the authors of that study: Duh." --Conan O'Brien   My dick is like Stan Lee I know he'll appear, but i don't know when and when I notice it's already too late.   Give a man a jacket... And he'll be able to leave the house. Teach a man to jacket, and he'll never leave the house.   Gave my friend in a wheelchair 3 hits of molly last night He's still rollin' this morning   My family and friends always told me I was an 'artistic person'. Finally got a hearing aid and... well... let's just say that was not what they were trying to tell me.   My wife made coffee this morning and I ended up with a piece of coffee bean in my teeth at the weekly department meeting. My lawyer has informed me this qualifies as grounds for divorce.   My brother told me to stop acting like a flamingo. I had to put my foot down.   Why did the chicken walk into the light? To get to the other side.   Johnny is on his grandpa's farm in the rabbit enclosure Johnny is on his grandpa's farm in the rabbit enclosure. The ground is covered in rabbit droppings. Johnny asks, "What are all of the pellets on the floor grandpa?" His grandpa replies, "Oh those? Those are smart pills. You eat them and you get smarter." Johnny likes the sound of that so he grabs a large handful of them and shoves them into his mouth, "Yuck! Grandpa, these taste like crap." His grandpa replies, "You're getting smarter already."   Simple mathematics A college math professor and his wife are both 60 years old. One evening the wife comes home and finds a note from her husband that says, "My dear, now that you are 60 years old, there are some things you no longer do for me. I am at the Holiday Inn with my 20-year-old student. Don't bother waiting up for me." He returns home late that night to find a note from his wife: "You, my dear, are also 60 years old and there are also things I need that you're not giving me. So I am at the Motel 6 with one of your 20-year-old students. Being a math professor, I'm sure you know that 20 goes into 60 way more than 60 goes into 20. So, don't you wait up for me."   Job Interview: Mental Asylum A newly graduated Psychiatrist goes to an interview at a Mental Asylum.... "So you're interested in coming to work for us here? Tell me what is your experience with mentally deranged people?" "I've been on Reddit for nearly 6 months now" "You're hired!"   My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment.   Old School Friend I called an old school friend and asked what he was doing now. He replied that he was currently working on: Aqua-thermal treatment on ceramics, aluminium and steel under a constrained environment I was impressed...... On further enquiry, I learnt that he was washing dishes, with hot water under his wife's supervision.   Alternative phrases to "Calm your tits" Soothe Your boobs De-stress your breasts Undo the calamity that is your mammaries adjust your bust before it combusts Give that chest a rest Hakuna your tatas Dont have a rack attack Bring peace to your bosoms   I was very naive sexually My first boyfriend asked me to do missionary and I buggered off to Africa for six months - Hayley Ellis, 2012   What's a revolutionist's favourite pastry? Coup d'tart   Husband his wife went for Divorce at court. Husband his wife went for Divorce at court. Judge : U have 3 kids...How will u divide them? He had long discussion with his wife said " Ok, sir We will come next year with 1 more kid" Joke doesn't end here.... 9 months later....They got twins   What's a vampiric hummingbird's favourite drink? Necktar   On my way for the latest Porsche presentation.. the airport officials requested the purpose of my flight. I wrote down "I'm here for the newest 911". Best regards from Guantanamo.   My girlfriend asked me not to kill a spider, but said I should take it out instead. I'm getting really sick of her sending these mixed messages.   Why did Pygmalion's girlfriend break up with him? Because he took her for granite.   Teddy Bears never feel Hungry Why the Teddy bears never feel hungry? Because they are always stuffed!   How did the hipster burn his mouth? He drank P.B.R. before it was cool.   do you understand your right breast is hanging out of your shirt A blonde was walking down the street. A policeman was walking the opposite way. "Hmmm," he wondered, "It looks as if that lady's right breast is hanging out of her shirt." As he got closer, he realized it was. He approched her. He said, "Ma'am, do you understand your right breast is hanging out of your shirt?" She replied, "Oh shit. I left the baby on the bus!"   The Red Man There was once a man who absolutely loved the colour red. Everything he owned was red. His house, his walls, his shoes, his fridge, everything. Because of this obsession, he was a huge fan of sunbaking - not the tanning kind, the burning kind. He did love the colour red. Not only this, he always did it in the nude; to become as red as possible, of course. One day as he was sunbaking, a man was hit by a car at an intersection down the road. The moral of the story is to never cross the road when the red man is flashing.   What do the Atlanta Falcons and a white noise machine have in common? They both make artificial fan sounds.   My wife just got back from her OBGYN appointments. He told her she cannot have sex 6 weeks. I said, "That's fine but what did your dentist say?"   Police: Come out with your hands up! Police: Come out with your hands up! Me: I'm gay. Police: So brave...   I'm going to buy my Dungeon Master a goldfish So I can carp a DM   No just up to my boobs... Milkman brings milk to blondes door. old times,1950 notices, note, says please i need 5 gal. today to take a milk bath.in dismay Man rings bell. Blonde in robe opens door,milkman says "5 gal mam ,dont you mean 5qts." She says no gallons, "I'm taking a milk bath today." The milkman asks "Ok how would you like that pasturized?" Woman replies, "No just up to my boobs!"   What would you find inside a billion year old ice planet on the other side of the universe? One of my wife's hairs   A horse in a bar A horse is standing at the bar when a man walks up to him. "Why the long face?" he asked jokingly. "I'm stage four terminal and my wife left me, taking everything with her."   What did Whitney Houston say when asked which parts of public buildings are generally the most affectionate? Hallways love yooooouuuuu.   I saw my girlfriend shoving a calculator up her vagina. I said, "What the fuck are you doing? You look like you're in agony." She said, "It's what's inside that counts."   Do you know today the world is celebrating "Safer Internet Day" If you're celebrating too, stay away from porn and other internet nasties :D   Why can't Chinese people see? Cause they must get 'A'!   What makes a chicken sneeze? Boog boog boog bogaaa   Good, bad, worse Good: I slept with my teacher after prom last night. Bad: I was home schooled. Worse: by my dad.   One by one, a class of fifth-graders were called on to make sentences with words chosen by their teacher. Nick didn't often participate in class, so his teacher was glad when she saw him raise his hand to give it a try. "Nick," said the teacher, "make a sentence with the words 'defeat,' 'defense,' 'deduct,' and 'detail.'" Nick thought for a few minutes then smiled. He shouted, "Defeat of deduct went over defense before detail!"   Dog in heat Her dog was in heat, but she agreed to look after her neighbor's male dog while the neighbor was on vacation. She had a large house and she believed that she could keep the two dogs apart. However, as she was drifting off to sleep, she heard awful howling sounds. She rushed downstairs and found the dogs locked together and unable to disengage, as frequently happens when dogs mate. Unable to separate them, and perplexed as to what to do next, and although it was very late at night, she called her vet, who answered in a very grumpy voice. After she explained the problem to him, the vet said, "Hang up the phone and place it down alongside the dogs. I will then call you back and the noise of the ringing will make the male lose his erection and he will be able to withdraw." "Do you think that will work?" she asked. "Just worked for me," he replied.   Metal fans don't rest in peace, they RUST in peace.   Why you shouldn't you buy Russian underpants ? Coz Cher-nob-il fallout !   What would people from 1000 years ago say... If you told them in the future you'll be able to travel and communicate with people around the world near instantly. "You mean across?"   A Russian man is driving with his wife and small child. A militia man pulls them over and makes the man take a breathalyzer test. "See," the militia man says, "you're drunk." The man protests that the breathalyzer must be broken and invites the cop to test his wife. She also registers as drunk. Exasperated, the man invites the cop to test his child. When the child registers drunk as well, the cop shrugs, says, "Yes, perhaps it is broken," and sends them on their way. Out of earshot the man tells his wife, "See, I told you it wouldn't hurt to give the kid five grams of vodka."   What's pink and covered in cobwebs? Maddie McCann's bike.   I tried selling drugs once. I tried selling drugs once. The guy asked me for some coke and I paniced and asked him if Pepsi was ok.   My Girlfriends asked me why the Body cells go through Meiosis and why her textbook sexualized them. I replied "Sex Cells."   What do you call the swine who like children? Pigofiles   What did Mexican Fozzie Bear say? "Oaxaca, oaxaca, oaxaca!"   Why shouldn't you write with a dull pencil? Because it's pointless. IT'S POINTLESS.   How many kids with ADHD does it take to change a light bulb? Lets go play on our bikes.   A guy was playing golf. A guy was playing golf one day and he got lost. He saw a lady up ahead of him and went to her and said, "Can you please help me, I don't know what Hole I'm on." She told him "You are one hole behind me. I'm on 7; you're on 6." He thanked her and continued playing golf. Later, he got lost again. He saw the same lady and went to her again kind of embarrassed. "I'm sorry to bother you again but I'm lost; can you please tell me what hole I'm on." She told him, "You are one hole behind me. I'm on 14; you are on 13." Again, he thanked her and continued playing golf. When he finished he saw her in the clubhouse. He went up to her and asked if he could buy her a drink for helping him out. She accepted. As they were drinking and talking, he asked her what she did for a living. "I'm in sales," she said. He replied, "No kidding; so am I." "What do you sell?" She responded that it was too embarrassing to tell; but after he kept pleading to know what she sold, she finally said that she would tell him if he promised not to laugh. He promised. She said, "I sell sanitary napkins." He immediately fell to the floor laughing hysterically. She said, "You promised you wouldn't laugh". He replied (still with tears in his eyes), "I'm sorry, but I couldn't help it. I sell toilet paper..... I'm still one Hole behind you." c",)   Why was the T-Rex angry? His arms were too short to sarcastically slow clap this terrible joke...   I like my women like I like my coffee... Ground up and in the cupboard.   As a German, you know what really grinds my gears? Nothing. Our engineering is perfect.   Presidential monster Remember guys, Steve Bannon is the President. Trump is the name of his monster.   If a Jew gets a new phone... Can they use their own number???   I introduced my girlfriend to my family My wife did not like her.   How do you know that Frank was an honest person? Whenever anyone tells the truth, they are either Frank or doing it like Frank.   Childhood Nursery Rhyme Old Mother Hubbard, went to her cupboard to fetch her poor dog a bone... But Rover took over, and he bent her over, and gave her a bone of his own   What public official is most prone to giving their stuff away? A sheriff.   big brother is watching you... and he is bored!   What do Donald Trump the iPhone 7 have in common? They both come with force touch   Which one is heavier? A tonne of rocks or a tonne of feathers? The answer? Its a tonne of feathers because you also have to carry the weight of what you did to all those poor birds...   Superman is horny Superman is randy as hell he needs to get laid in the worst way. Lois has been holding out and he needs a woman. Superman figures, fuck it, I'm super-sonic. I'll drop a nut on someone light speed and they'll never know. So he's flying around and passes by Wonder Woman's apartment. Intriguingly enough, she is naked, alone, and writhing in her personal ecstasy. It's summer, her window is open... Superman can't resist. At the speed of light, before she'll know anything, he's "in and out". Back in the Fortress of Solitude, a somewhat calmer Superman murmurs to himself "A Superman has to do what he needs to." Meanwhile, Wonder Woman rolls of her her couch and exclaims "holy shit, that that was the best ever" The Invisible Man responded "Yeah, but my ass is killing me"   Kid 1: I wish I had been born 1,000 years ago. Kid 2: Why is that? Kid 1: Just think of all the history that we wouldn't have to learn.   Obama and Mike Pence are playing tennis While playing tennis with Mike Pence, Obama gets angry and every time he misses he screams "God dammit I missed!" This goes on for a while until Mike Pence yells "If you use the lords name in vain one more time a lightning bolt will come from the sky and strike you" They continue playing until Obama misses again, he screams "God dammit I missed!" In that moment a lighting bolt comes from the sky and strikes Mike Pence, he dies on the spot. A couple of seconds later a voice from above the clouds says "God dammit I missed."   Why would New Zealand starting a war against Australia be historical? It would be the first time New Zealand declared anything against Australia.   The KGB, the FBI and the CIA are all trying to prove that they are the best at catching criminals The Secretary General of the UN decides to give them a test. He releases a rabbit into a forest and each of them has to catch it. The CIA goes in. They place animal informants throughout the forest. They question all plant and mineral witnesses. After three months of extensive investigations they conclude that the rabbit does not exist. The FBI goes in. After two weeks with no leads they burn the forest, killing everything in it, including the rabbit, and make no apologies: the rabbit had it coming. The KGB goes in. They come out two hours later with a badly beaten bear. The bear is yelling: Okay! Okay! Im a rabbit! Im a rabbit!   My girlfriend just split up with me. She kept crying and saying that I spend too much time on the internet. Jokes on her, there are hundreds of hot singles in my area looking to hook up.   Have you seen any of Stevie Wonder's music videos? He hasn't.   Are you serious No, I'd have to change my name for that   An infectious disease walks into a bar. Barman says, we don't serve your type here. Infectious disease replies, well, you are not a very good host.   Getting married before the age of 25 Getting married before the age of 25 sounds a lot like leaving a party before 10 PM to me.   Kids on social media nowadays are so selfish. It's always meme meme meme.   What was the hardest question on Timmy's homework last night? 69d.   What brand of glasses do short-sighted dyslexic nymphomaniacs wear? FCUK   Why do people fall in love with pavements? Because they touch our soles.   Trump is just like the rest of us Melania puts his pants on one leg at a time   I think people are underestimating the effect of fruit on the human race. I mean come on, people all across the US are rioting because of a fucking orange.   With all the negativity in the world today... ...at least Charlie Sheen is staying positive.   I was told it was racist to use "welsh" when someone won't pay a bet. They said to use "renege". So I called them a bunch of renegers instead.   My dog ran away this morning. I walked around the neighbourhood looking and calling his name for an hour but still couldn't find him. My wife said I should look harder, so I shaved my head and got a couple of tattoos. Still can't find the fucking dog....   (An original) I'll always get in a fight with someone with dwarfism.... We just don't see eye to eye.   Two nuns, Sr Mary and Sr Patricia, are driving down a dark forest road, late at night... When all of a sudden a vampire jumps out in front of their car. Sr Mary screeches on the brakes and says to Sr Patricia: "Quick! Get out and show it your cross!" Sr Patricia steps out of the car and yells "Oi! Get off the fucking road you stupid cunt!"   The Story of Mike Doe! Hey, my names Mike Doe, and this is my story. I had a friend in college, my freshman roommate, who was always talking about his family. His name was Robert Gooding, and he mustve had a family tree that started from Adam and Eve. Every single day he would drone on and on about some cousin or uncle or some such. He would always burst into the room saying things like, Hey Mike! Youll never guess Uncle Nate and Aunt Ridley are doing in Taiwan for the orphans this week! I remember him talking about how Dimitri, his mothers grandfathers nephews son, which is apparently what second cousin once removed means, had resolved a tense hostage situation in Iran. And how cool Auntie Pauline (actually a distant cousin) was for working on top secret stuff with the CIA. I always tried to be patient with him and at least pretended to listen and nod at his stories. They never seemed to be about the same people. Sometimes hed mention something that was actually funny or interesting too so it wasnt always bad. Good old rambling Robert. He picked up that nickname within a couple weeks of starting school--I dont think he liked it much. He didnt make many friends because he could never stop talking about his own family. Sometimes I think that I was the only one he could talk to who wouldnt start running after five minutes. Im not going to lie though. Back then I endeavored to be out of the room most of the day to avoid his ramblings. However no matter how late I came back, he was always up and ready to tell me something new about his familys latest adventures. There was this one time that was different though. On a day close to the end of our first semester together, he suddenly stopped his rambling and stared at me with a really serious expression. The abrupt lack of background noise startled me from the article I was reading while humoring him, and when I saw his face I thought he must have been angry with me for ignoring him. You know Michael, he started as I prepared my apology, I really appreciate that you listen to my stories every day. I know it must be boring and annoying for you, but you listen anyway and I appreciate that. So I want to promise you something. Us Goodings, we dont forget stuff like this. We take care of our friends. Just you wait, one day me and the whole family will find a way to thank you. I shuddered at the thought of having to attend a graduation party with his entire family and hear about all their adventures first hand, but at that moment I realized that Robert was actually a pretty good guy. Our year together came to an end, and the next year I was assigned a different roommate. Rambling Robert still sent me emails to keep me up to date with all his family happenings for a while, but even those stopped when he decided to transfer out to some college in Washington. I completed my degree in criminal psychology and went on to work as a detective for the DEA for a while. I had a great time there busting drug dealers and cleaning up the streets of my hometown, and my mom was so proud to have a real Officer Doe in the family. I was about 45 years old when they promoted me and had me relocated near the Mexican border to work on the drug traffic coming from the cartels. It was there that I finally met one of Roberts infamous family members, Randall Gooding. He was my new supervisor, and when I showed up on the first day he greeted me like an old friend. He told me that he recognized my name and background from the stories Robert had told him, and he personally requested that I be sent down. I was surprised that Robert even talked about me, we had only known each other for a year, but it was nice to reminisce about the Goodings again. Randall was just as talkative as Robert was, and we hit it off almost immediately. It felt like I was in college again. His nickname around the office was Rambling Randy, which had me chuckling for at least a day. Robert, it turns out, was doing just fine. He was a doctor now somewhere in Texas, and I was happy that my old friend was able to make such a good life for himself. Work was good for a few years until the cartel activity started to pick up dramatically. Nobody was sure why but we were suddenly inundated with arrests and busts and all kinds of paper work. Even Randy wasnt as talkative around this time. It was all supposed to come to a head today. Today we were going to do a massive takedown on a processing plant operating just inside the border. Our undercover agent had uncovered it while posing for a different case so Randy and I took the lead while the rest of the office continued monitoring the other operation. We enlisted the FBI and local SWAT teams for help and I thought everything was going to go smoothly until I got kidnapped right out of the parking lot on my way out of the office last night. From the time they ripped the rucksack bag off of my head till the first rays of daylight, they questioned me. They were careful. All of them had clown masks on, the hard plastic kind that never quite fit the face right. All of them were wearing gloves and carrying weapons--some had guns, some had various wicked modifications of baseball bats and crowbars. The night was rough. They wanted to know how we found out about them, who we were working with, when the operation was going to go down, and a whole host of other questions. I was patient and waited. I gave them no information and suffered a few broken ribs and some teeth for it. While they were questioning me, I took in my surroundings. I knew from the floor plans I had studied for the bust that I was in the processing plant, specifically in one of the raised offices at the end of the building. I could see the entire plant from the large window on the wall in front of me. I guessed that they did not know about our plans yet, so I contented myself to sit tight and wait for the bust to happen at 10AM. However, it was around 6AM when I heard the sirens blaring in the distance.Maybe they stepped up the schedule when they found out I was kidnapped, I thought. My captors were awake in an instant and took up the preplanned positions we had predicted. One of the guys carrying what looked like an M16 came cursing into the office where I was being held. After cracking me in the face with the butt of the gun, I felt more than heard him raise the muzzle level with the back of my head. Soon I heard an unfamiliar voice yell over a megaphone giving the normal spiel about being surrounded and to give up. Of course they refused to give up and began to use me as a bargaining chip. Randys voice came over the megaphone just before the first officer continued the negotiation, Mikey! Just wait Mikey! Hang tight and dont do anything stupid. The standoff lasted for hours. If it werent for the gun pressed on the nape of my neck, I would have probably passed out from boredom. Eventually things got real quiet. My guard started getting antsy and walked out--probably to check for new orders with his superiors. As soon as he left the room, a hundred glass windows shattered breaking the silence and raining shards of glass down on the main factory floor. White smoke obscured the first floor as tear gas flooded the facility. Shouting and gunfire followed as my captors opened fire. Amid the confusion and smoke I couldnt tell who was winning. I did hear Randys voice at one point yelling orders like, Dimitri, take the stairs and give Pauline some cover. None of the officers who were supposed to be with us today were named Dimitri or Pauline. The din began to wither after only a few minutes and unseen officers began yelling, Clear! As the smoke dissipated, I expected to see the body armor and face masks of the SWAT teams who were supposed to be part of todays operation. Instead I saw lots of men and a few women I had never seen before in various uniforms. Some were in army uniforms others were in suits, and there were even a few in civilian clothes.God, did they call the Army and CIA in on this?When Randy saw me, he came running up with one of the suited men who was carrying a bag. Mike! Thank God youre still alive. Im sorry we made you wait so long, but we had to wait for all the flights to make it before we could move. What? What flights? Randy, what are you talking about? We found out you were kidnapped at about midnight. The team that we were going to use wasnt trained for hostage situations so I had to improvise. I made some calls around and got as many as I could to come down here. Good thing Nate here happened to have hostage experience. Nobody asked any questions after I brought your name up, we all know you thanks to Robert here. He motioned at the suited man who was leaning in to assess me. I frowned at the man and suddenly realized that his bag contained medical supplies. Robert? I choked the question out in disbelief. He just gave me a small smile while he continued his work. You mean to tell me that all of these guys Theyre all your family? Robert looked up from where he was examining my jaw with a wry smile, I told you we dont forget Mike.All the Goodings come to Does who wait.   A man has been admitted to hospital after shoving 6 toy horses up his arse. Doctors have described his condition as stable.   I just ate a frozen apple! Hardcore.   I have a new theory on inertia but it doesnt seem to be gaining momentum   Scumbag Steve, when told the babe at the party had Herpes Zoster on her head, asked "Do the shingles match the carpet?"   SKY DIVING LESSONS An idiot was taking sky-diving lessons. The instructor explained that it was time for his first jump, and all he had to do was jump from the plane, count to six, and pull the rip cord. A truck would be waiting for him in the field where he would land. The man jumped from the plane when he was told to, and counted to six. When he pulled the rip cord, the parachute wouldn't open. He tried the reserve chute and that didn't open. Frustrated, he muttered to himself as he fell, "I'll bet the damn truck won't be waiting for me either.   What is the funniest bird alive? A Hahastrich!   What is Whitney Houston's favourite type of coordination? HAND EYEEEEEEE   Banned oranges... It's 2021 and I went to the supermarket to buy some oranges but couldn't find any. I went to another one but there were no oranges again... I asked the store manager what's the matter He said "Trump banned all the Muslims for what some of them did so the new president banned all the oranges for what one of them did".   What do you call Batman running out of church? Christian Bale   How do u reanimate a corpse? Abra Cadavera!   How do Mexicans cut their pizza? "Little Cea-sars"   Trump really needs to do something about all these Canadians. Seriously, geese are the worst.   Why did the Sovereign Citizen cross the road? ITS NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS! AM I BEING DETAINED?!   Third times the charm... ...said god before he accidentally created down syndrome.   I like my women like I like my jeep Topless and easy to get into.   Pretty sure I have mites! Cell: "I'm itching all the time and I can't stop. Pretty sure I have mites!" Doctor: "You are a cell. Individual bodily cells don't have mites." Cell: "Pretty sure I have mites!" Doctor: "Look, we've run the tests. You don't have mites!" Cell: "Are you sure?" Doctor: "As I explained on your last three visits, what you have is a severe case of mitochondria!"   What will be the most profitable career in 2017? Mexican ladder salesman.   What's Scooby Doo's favorite chocolate? Fe rrer ruh-roh cher   Sentence from a schoolboy's weekly composition class essay - "My cat just had seven kittens. They are all communists". Sentence from same boy's composition the following week... - "My cat's seven kittens are all capitalists". Teacher reminds boy that previous week he had said the kittens were communists. "But now they have opened their eyes" replies the child.   So the horse walked into a bar ... and the bartender said, "Say fella, why the long face?"   A black guy in a library asked me where the colored printer was I replied: "Go use the one in the back you nigger"   How many police officers does it take to change a light bulb? None, they just beat the shit outta the room for being black..   When I see lovers' names carved into a tree I don't think it's sweet. I just think it's surprising how many people bring a knife on a date.   What word is used to describe a plant's range of emotions? Chlorofeels   How many psychiatrists does it take to screw in a light bulb? Only one, but the light bulb has to want to change.   How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb? Twelve: One to screw it in. One to excoriate men for creating the need for illumination. One to blame men for inventing such a faulty means of illumination. One to suggest the whole screwing bit to be too rape-like. One to deconstruct the lightbulb itself as being phallic. One to blame men for not changing the bulb. One to blame men for trying to change the bulb instead of letting a woman do it. One to blame men for creating a society that discourages women from changing light bulbs. One to blame men for creating a society where women change too many light bulbs. One to advocate that light bulb changers should have wage parity with electricians. One to alert the media that women are now out-lightbulbing men. One to just sit there taking pictures for her blog for photo-evidence that men are unnecessary.   Why is it always a good idea to wear 'tall pants'? Because it's a practice of good high-jean!   How do you spell DEATH? A-va-da Ke-da-vra!   It's not okay to just punch a nazi in the face You're supposed to finish the job   What's a small black dot between two larger white ones? A flea with cotton wool in its ears.   A flight attendant sees a suspicious couple on board... She decides to report it to the pilot immediately. "Sir, I think we have a case of human trafficking! The female passenger looks pretty frightened and the man she is with looks dangerous!" The pilot responds, "Patricia, I've told you before. This is Air Force One..."   What do crows drink in the morning? CAWWWWWW-FEE!   My Gf's ponytail always comes undone when we're together Oh well, I guess it just comes with the hairritory.   Just became a fan of Adele She had me at Hello   What do you get when rabbis eat too many carrots? Orange juice.   What do you call a dog with seven legs that can't walk right? Severalpawsy   What did Melania say to Donald right after sex? Honey, I'll be home in 30 minutes.   Four gay guys walk into a bar Bartender says,"Sorry, only one unoccupied stool at the moment." Gay guy says,"That's completely fine." Gay man proceeds to turn the stool upside down and each of them sits on a leg.   My wife recently won the Annual Women's Golf Meet in our district Needless to say, I have started calling her the "Intercourse Champion of the County "   How are OP's Mom and Velour alike? they both take several days to dry out   If you're feeling cold, go stand in the corner. It's 90 degrees there.   What do you call a horny midget? An extended version of The Hobbit.   Did you hear about the otter that begged a beaver to build him a dam? The beaver did not give a barrier that impounds water or underground streams   I love my doctor He told me I only had 3 months to live. I said "thanks for letting me know, doc; but I'm sorry, I don't know how I'll be able to pay you." So he got me six more months.   I'm completely OK with peeing in the shower.. It's only natural to have a little come out when you're having a poo.   Why didn't the oven get its TV show green lit? Because the pilot light was out.   A giant mushroom attempts to enter a bar... and is stopped by the bouncer. The bouncer says we'll have none of your sort in here tonight. The mushroom says, "Why not? I'm a fungi!"   Are you an ass man or a tits man? I ass myself that every day. Tits a bit hard to figure out.   What do you call a russian cow? Mos-cow   The mexican magician was at his gig... He said to the audience: "on the count of 3 i will disappear. Uno... Dos..." and he vanished without a Tres   My local ski resort was ripped off last week for around 900. The robber stole a burger, two beers, and some chips.   If Trump was a spy in the Vietnam War, what would his code name be? Agent Orange   I accidentally misidentified my friend's pet bird It was hawkward.   I would tell you all an anus joke.. Butt fuck it.   What do you call a smart blonde? A Golden Retriever.   Our anniversary is coming up, so my wife told me that she would be happy as long as I get her something with a lot of diamonds in it. She will love this pack of playing cards.   Tom Brady has 6 of the most desired rings in the world 5 are from the Super Bowl   The problem with Donald Trump is... He never learned harass was one word.   Why don't kleptomaniacs get puns? They always take things literally.   I promised my mom I would never get raped I said I would always consent. She said no one would want to.   How much does a polar bear weigh? Enough to break the ice. Hi I'm Joe and I eat ass.   What was Hitler's philosophy on PR? Weimar your reputation when you know you're in the Reich!   What do you call a guy who urinates bug spray? Pissed OFF!   Super Bowl 51 will go down as the Gettysburg Address of the NFL Four score and 20 minutes to go.....   Why is Donald Trump like Jesus?? He'll never be as good as his Daddy.   My friend looked at my pregnant wife and said: "I wonder if it isn't really hot in there, for the baby" I replied: "It's likely womb-temperature."   How did Captain Hook die? He wiped with the wrong hand   What does 'mine shaft' mean to a German? His Penis   What is a frisky Optimus Prime called? An autothot.   If foreigners are upset to have had their visas cancelled... Why don't they just apply for MasterCards instead?   What is Trump's Cabinet called? The Insane Clown's Posse.   My girlfriend accused me of cheating I told her she sounded like my wife   What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wipe his butt.   What did the cannibal say when he ate a clown? "That tasted funny."   An inmate at my work threw his food down onto his tray. "Now I know why people turn gay in prison..." "...I'd rather lick another man's butthole than eat this crap." I died.   Q. How many Trumpies does it take to change a lightbulb? A. Five. One to write the executive order, one to get it signed, one to announce it to the press, one to provide the alternative facts, and one to call Obama to ask him how. (Edit: Friend told me this joke and I said I would post it for her)   Jokes from a high one If Winnie went to the bathroom in the 100 acre woods, what would something be he should NOT take out with him? The Poooooo Or maybe you would cause like you're in the woods. Where else would it go. No sewage systems..hmm I'll come back to this one. Has to be something to do with poo tho..   A Christian man and his children are talking.. Girl: Dad, I have some bad news. Dad: What? Girl: I'm a lesbian. Dad: Okay. Sister: Dad, I have some bad news too. Dad: What? Sister: I'm a lesbian too. Dad: God, does anyone in this house like boys? Son: I do.   Did you hear about the Italian chef who died? He pasta way.   Where do men go for vacation after their bar mitzvah? Jew-bouti   How many Call Of Duty players does it take to change a light bulb? Both of them.   Listen to this new joke.... 584753   What do you call it when a song is cut off before it ends? ...a clefhanger.   Why does Paris have trees along Main Street? Because Germans like to walk in the shade.   3 Englishmen are stranded in a forest... and after days without food they come across a dead deer. Unable to decide on who gets to eat what part, the first says: "Well I go for Manchester, so I'll have the chest." The second says "I go for Liverpool, so I'll have the liver." He then turns to the third and says "Enjoy your meal Gunners supporter"   Did you hear about the neutron that was arrested yesterday? He wasn't charged tho   Two sides of hummus decided to go out to eat Two sides of hummus decided to go out to eat. Once they finished eating, they said, "chickpeas!"   An internet meme caught his wife cheating in their bed. "And I say heeey heeey heeey heeey heeey!!!"   You wanna know how to say "Redonkulous" in Spanish? "Redicburro"   Trump just posted a picture of the protests in Romania.. .. as evidence he had the biggest inauguration crowd ever.   Two refugees are waiting in line to get into the US... Two refugees are waiting in line to get into the US, one says "screw this line, I'm going to shoot Trump". He leaves for a while and then comes back to resume his place in line. The other guy says "so, did you do it?" He says "no, the line there was even longer than this one."   Why was the patient angry at the doctor who wanted his urine sample? He was taking the piss   Guy walks into a Mexican restaurant but he's not that hungry... And they serve free tortilla chips. He asks for one chip and they give it to him. He swipes his credit card, and nothing happens. The employee looks at him and says, "Dude... it's a chip."   What's the difference between my gf and Roald Dahl Roald Dahl has a Magic Finger   Captain hook can't kill 20 kindergarteners. But Sandy Hook can.   At what time do drug dealers wake up? At the crack of dawn!   My old girlfriend was bad at math That's Y she's my X.   What's a Trump supporter's favorite college? Electoral.   What did the father buffalo say to his son as his son was leaving? "Please be careful on your way to school. There are hunters out there today and I'm worried." "It's ok, Dad," his son replied, "I'll be safe." The son buffalo had just gotten out of sight before the dad heard the gunshots and wept. If only he'd just made him stay home....   Why does Donald Trump like the NFL better than college football? Because it's Big League   My African-American friend hooked up with a girl from Thailand... It was a real black-Thai affair.   what does a hornet an rain gear have in common? Yellow jacket   Did you guys hear about the Bowling Green Massacre? On 9316 they lost to The Ohio State 77-10   What do you call a surrealist painter that converts to Islam? Muhammad Dali   Who are the fastest readers in the world? The people in the World Trade Center, those mother fuckers blew through 110 stories in 5 seconds.   Why did the chicken go to the library? To check out a book-book-book!   What do you call a stubborn donkey? A badass   What's the easiest class in a Catholic school? Religion. It has no facts to memorize   Today I change my major from law to liberal arts. Psych.   My girlfriend doesn't want me to come in her ear My girlfriend said not to cum in my ear because she will go deaf, but I told her that I cum in her mouth all the time and that doesn't get her to shut the fuck up.   Why don't sharks eat more than one dentist at a time? They're filling.   What's the difference between Extreme Vetting and Waterboarding? (Also seeking alternate punch lines) .... the need for rendition.   Brady once again charged with letting the air out of something. This time it was the Falcons defense   My wife is a teacher hoping for a snow day, and I told her to brace for Winter Storm Christopher. She said "They don't close schools in Michigan for 3 inches of white stuff"   Did you hear about the gangster who loved apples? He was a member of the honeycrips   Talking street A man walks up to a street. The street says to the man: "Hey!" The jumps in surprise as the street shouts at him once more. The man is puzzled. "Excuse me?" The man said. "I'm a talking street! I tell you when a car is coming!" "That's convenient," The man replied. The road told the man that there where no cars coming. The man crossed the street. The man began crossing back to the side in which he came from. "What are you doing?" Asked the street. "Double-Crossing you!" The man laughed. The man promptly got hit by a semi truck. The Road replied with: "I'm not letting you walk all over me like that!"   nsfw Everybody thinks Tom Brady had the best comeback ever But Kim Kardashian is the cumback queen   Found this joke on a sticky note Person1: Hey person2 I need to get into your Reddit account, what's the username and password? Person2: Ok, the username is "suck my" Person1: Ok, and the password? Person2: Dick Person1: Passwords too short.   Climate change doesn't matter if you stay indoors.   My friend is upset because her boyfriend won't eat out anymore since they got a meal delivery service. She says she's going to try putting a blue apron sticker on her box and see what happens.   (NSFW) I'm a bit like Beer... I also come in pints.   The more medical students I met, the less I trust doctors.   How do young bees get to school? Why, the school buzz, of course!   Did you hear about the weird physicist? He's a lovely guy but he's got some strange quarks.   "What time does the library open?" The man on the phone asks. "Nine AM," came the reply. "And what's the idea of calling me at home in the middle of the night to ask a question like that?" "Not until nine AM?" The man said in a disappointed voice. "No not till nine!" The librarian said. "Why do you want to get in before nine?" "Who said I wanted to get in? I want to get out."   What word do you never want to call a Black Man that starts with N and ends with r Neighbor   What's the most common phrase uttered by a blond after sex? "Are you guys all on the same team?"   Why should doctors wear surgical masks when pulling the plug on Donald Trump? So no one can see their smiles.   Why can you make a comparison between the Patriots and Lara Croft? Because they both get TomBrady   I just read a post about Queen Elizabeth II, and something struck me as odd... After spending 65 years on the throne, I suppose she's the most constipated ruler ever.   Just when defeat seemed inevitable... when all hope was lost and my prayers seemed futile... THE PATRIOTS WON !!! Oh, and something about a big game yesterday? I don't watch football.   A kid says to his younger brother: "Look, i found a dildo underneath mom's pillow." The brother replies: "What's a pillow?"   How do you start a rave in Ethiopia? You nail a piece of toast to the wall   Tired of people complaining about Ukrainian body's of water that Russia is occupying Crimea river.   What did the leader of Russia say when someone knocked on the bathroom door? Leave me alone Im Putin   A man walks into a bar with a suitcase.. ..and orders a drink. Bored, he opens his suitcase and takes out a piano and sets it on the table. Then he reaches back into the suitcase and takes out a tiny man in a tuxedo. The tiny man immediately starts playing the piano. The bartender is impressed. He says, " Wow! Thats amazing! Where did you get that?" . The man explains that he found a Jinni's lamp in the sand and when he rubbed it, a Jinni emerged and promised to fulfill one wish. Surprised, the bartender asked, " Do you still have the lamp? Can i give it a try?" "Sure", says the man and reaches out to his suitcase and pulls out a beautiful golden copper lamp. The bartender takes the lamp and rubs it. Sure enough, a Jinni appears and grants the bartender one wish. The bartender says, " Umm.. i wanna be rich..i want a million bucks!" . POOF!! Suddenly the bar is filled with ducks. A MILLION ducks. "Heyy!!" , exclaims the bartender, " I asked for a million bucks, not ducks!! Is your Jinni hard of hearing or something?!" To which the man says , " You dont really think i wished for a 12 inch pianist, do you?"   Why do we evacuate women before the men in an emergency? So we can assess the situation properly.   Someone was handing out certificates for a free Karate Lesson at the mall yesterday He told me I could only Taek Won Do   The Patriots are true gentlemen. They let the Falcons finish their game before they started theirs.   THE BIG CRASH It is the middle of the night in the middle of nowhere, two cars both slightly cross over the white line in the centre of the road. They collide and a fair amount of damage is done, miraculously neither driver is hurt. They both get out. One is a doctor, one is a lawyer. The lawyer calls the police on his cell phone and they say they will be there within 20 minutes. Its cold and damp, and both men are shaken up. The lawyer offers the doctor a drink of brandy from his hip flask, the doctor accepts, drinks and hands it back to the lawyer, who then puts it away. Arent you going to have a drink? the doctor says. AFTER the police get here. replies the lawyer   A blonde walks into a library and says to the librarian "CAN I GET A BIG MAC FRIES AND A COKE?!!" The librarian says "excuse me miss.....this is a library." The blonde says...."oh im sorry (whispers) can i get a big mac fries and a coke?"   What's the difference between a pizza and an art degree? A pizza doesn't deliver an art degree   Finally took Revenge from my ex... She had it since last two weeks. Gotta return it back to the library.   You know there's an actual name for unexpected sex right? The Spanish Inquisition. Because no one sees it coming.   There are a lot of jokes in the world Most of them are people.   I don't drink anymore. I freeze it now and I eat it like a popsicle.   I hate to be a bad loser A blonde, a red head and a brunette were competing in the Huron River Breast Stroke Championships. The redhead won and the brunette came in second. However, there was no sign of the final contestant. Hours and hours went by causing grave concern and worry. Just as everyone was losing hope, the blonde finally arrived. The crowd was extremely happy and relieved to see her. They embraced the young girl as she came ashore. After all of the excitement died down, she leaned over to the judge and whispered, "I hate to be a bad loser, but I think those other girls used their arms."   I couldn't sleep because woman was knocking on my door at 2 AM last night I tried to go back to sleep but eventually I had to let her out.   A man goes to an ENT doctor Because his nose was growing at an excessive rate, it was already 11 and a half inches long. Doctor walks in and says, I'm sorry to have to tell you this, but if it keeps it up, by this time next week I won't be able to see you anymore. I'll have to give you a referral to a podiatrist, because by next week, it'll already be a foot!   I am terrified of elevators, I'm gonna start taking steps to avoid them.   I believe as a society, it is our dictionaries that define us.   I had a confusing sex dream last night It was a real mindfuck   What's the difference between the church 1,000 years ago and the church today? A thousand years ago Father Roy didn't get arrested.   Want to know how I got back from the middle east? I Ran   I jokingly told my friend I was gay... He's been fucking me in the ass for 3 months now and hasn't figured out the truth yet. Haha, I can't wait to see the look on his face!   Roger Goodell must be drunk after last night from... all the boos from the Patriots' fans during the post game ceremonies.   President Trump can never finish a book He always gets stuck in chapter 11   Where does Matthew Mcconaughey's Political Ideology come from? The Altright, Altright, Altright   Why won't Lion win Best Picture? Starving Indian children has always been a naan-issue.   I asked my very religious mother for the new iPhone... And she said she'd get me a smartphone, but I had a choice. If I start going to church, I would get the iPhone I wanted. If I didn't go to church, I would get a crappy low end android. She said it was Yahweh or the Huawei.   and God promised men that good and obedient wives would be found in all corners of world... ...then God made the Earth round..and he laughed and laughed. edit: I proof read this so may times... amd - and   U should try the salmon in river styxs Its too die for   Why is Alabama the best place for sandwiches? Because of their experience working with inbreds.   My wife found out that our dog, a Schnauzer, could hardly hear, My wife found out that our dog, a Schnauzer, could hardly hear, so she took it to the vet. The vet found that the problem was hair in the dog's ears. He cleaned both ears and the dog could then hear fine. The vet then proceeded to tell Andrea that, if she wanted to keep this from recurring, she should go to the pharmacy and get some "Nair" hair remover and rub it in the dog's ears once a month. Andrea went to the store and bought some "Nair" hair remover. At the register, the pharmacist told her, "If you're going to use this under your arms, don't use deodorant for a few days." Andrea said, "I'm not using it under my arms." The pharmacist said, "If you're using it on your legs, don't use body lotion for a couple of days." Andrea replied, "I'm not using it on my legs either. If you must know, I'm using it on my Schnauzer." The pharmacist said, "Well, stay off your bicycle for at least a week."   The problem with Bill Clinton Is that he never learned harass was one word.   What do you call a substance that makes people attracted to both genders? A bi-product!   Australians don't have sex Australians mate   A Cardinal walks into the Pope's office... ... and he says, "Your Eminence, I have some good news and some bad news." The Pope, of course, is an optimistic fellow, so he says, "I'll have the good news first." The Cardinal tells him, "It seems that Jesus Christ has returned. He's on the phone and he wants to speak to you." The Pope, of course, is elated. He says, "There can be no bad news on a day like this, but go ahead: what's the bad news?" And the Cardinal tells him, "He's calling from Salt Lake City."   How do you choke a predatory bird? Give them a 28-3 lead in the Super Bowl.   Where is the safest place to be on a capsizing ship? (Worst joke ever) The Galley! Everything but the kitchen sinks. (I warned you)   What did the father buffalo say to his son as he left for school? Bison.   Your breasts looked bigger on your profile... ...which means I won't feel so bad when you pull my pants down now.   A bear walks into a bar in Bedford, TX... He takes a seat at the bar as the bartender reluctantly walks over to him. "How can I help you?" He asks. "I need a beer, I've had a horrible day..." says the bear, somewhat discouraged. "Well sir, I'm sorry but we don't serve bears beer in Bedford, TX." replies the bar keep. "I understand the law, but I'm really having an awful day! I won't bother anyone... come on!" The bear is getting a little frustrated at this point. "Mr. Bear, I wish I could oblige but the law is the law." The bear, now starting to get irritated, spots a female at the other end of the bar who is enjoying a cold one herself. "LOOK MAN... I'm not looking for any trouble. Give me a beer or I'm going to go over there and EAT THAT BITCH sitting at the end of the bar!!" The bartender is a little taken aback, but decides to stick to his guns. "Look here bear, I already told you we don't serve bears beer in Bedford, TX! You ain't gonna sway me into breaking the law!" Aggravated, the bear walks to the end of the bar and eats the lady. Pleased with his display of dominance, he sits back down and stares at the bartender. "I tried to warn you! Give me that fucking beer before anyone else gets hurt." "Like I said, we don't serve bears beer in Bedford, TX. Especially if they are high on drugs!" The bear looks puzzled. "What the hell? I'M NOT HIGH ON DRUGS!" "The hell you are! That was a BARBITURATE!"   The Farmer's Daughter A farmer drove to a neighbors farmhouse and knocked at the door. A boy, about 9, opened the door. "Is your dad or mom home?" said the farmer. "No, they went to town." "How about your brother, Howard? Is he here?" "No, he went with Mom and Dad." The farmer stood there for a few minutes, shifting from one foot to the other, mumbling to himself, when the young boy says, "I know where all the tools are, if you want to borrow one, or I can give Dad a message." "Well," said the farmer uncomfortably, "No, I really want to talk to your Dad, about your brother Howard getting my daughter Suzy pregnant!". The boy thought for a moment, then says, "Youll have to talk to my Dad about that. I know he charges 50 for the bulls and 15 for the pigs, but I have no idea how much he charges for Howard."   Brokeback Mountain was such a nontraditional movie... ... it's the only one I've seen where the good guy gets it in the end.   What kind of food just puts you in a bad mood? Feel-awful   What is Mexico's National Animal? The drug mule.   What file format does Gordon Ramsay take photos in? FUCKING RAW!   I nearly talked my way out of a speeding fine earlier by telling this Police woman she looked bloody stunning Then I went and fucked it up by saying, 'And that's not the drink talking either'   When I went away to college my grandmother gave me a brand new bible. Well I didn't really want a bible. I needed money but I said thank you all the same and went away to college. I was having a great time but was burning through money very quickly. I called my grandmother and said "grandma I love it here a college but I'm going to need more cash to stay." She said "have you opened your bible?" Of course I hadn't but I said "of course grandma I pray every night." "Good" she said and hung up the phone. A couple months later I really was in desperate need of cash. I called my grandma again. "Grandma I have excellent grades and I'm loving college but I will have to drop out if I don't get some money." She said "Are you sure you are READING your bible?" Again I lied and said "of course grandma." "Good" she said and hung up. I finally ran out of money and had to drop out. I called my grandma and said "Hey! I have to drop out now because you did not send me any money!" She said "you really should read your bible" and hung up the phone. I finally opened the bible and sure enough right on the inside... in my grandmother's handwriting... it said " Fuck you"   A man walks in and notices something different about his wife.... He walks into the house and is pretty sure this time something might be different with his Wife. "The hair!" he thinks... Hmm.. No.... "The dress!" he continues Nup.... "The shoes!" he hazards. No.. No... not sure... Then he realises.... He's walked into the wrong house.   Falcons CHOKE!!!   What is the recipe for success for ice cream men? Good Humor.   What's the correct way to pronounce nihilism? Doesn't matter.   You should always have a pet to make you feel safe... Just the other night my wife woke me tell me heard glass breaking and footsteps downstairs. She calmed down when I told it was probably just the fish.   Look at all those hot children in that schoolyard! It's 115F out you sick fucks   Whats the difference between my ex gf and my childhood imagination? Nothing, they both don't exist anymore.   If life gives you lemons, you make lemonade, But if fife gives you melons... You probably have dyslexia   Single ones from Reddit: If you have to choose between your dream date and one last concert of Queen? How many hours you will arrive early?   What did the French call the Germans during WW1? Somme of bitches.   I went to Basic Training with some guy who was issued two left footed boots. He didn't say anything, and just wore two left boots on his feet. He ended up being medically discharged for foot problems before he graduated. But the guy who was issued two right footed boots on his feet managed to graduate. He was all right.   Q:Name of Melanias new book A:Mein Trump   Ahmad, a Muslim American man, was at the United States border... Ahmad, a Muslim American man, was at the United States border, returning to the USA after a holiday in Canada. He rolled down the window to his car and pulled up to the Border Guard who was waving him forward. "What is the purpose of your visit?" asked the border guard. 'I'm an American. I'm returning home," replied Ahmad. "Are you aware of President Trump's executive orders regarding Muslims?" asked the border guard. "Yes. But I'm not from one of the seven nations in the order. Also I am an American citizen," replied Ahmad. "What are your thoughts on the order?" asked the border guard. "The United States has the right to protect itself." "And what are your thoughts on President Trump?" asked the board guard. "Well... certainly I feel the same way about him that you do," replied Ahmad. "If that were true, I'd have to arrest you," replied the border guard.   I heard Kevin O'Leary was running in a leadership race I'm just not sure if it's in Canada or the US   They say good things come in threes... Try telling that to someone with Down Syndrome   How do you get a champagne cork back in the bottle? I don't know, ask a Falcons fan   What do you call an Invisible Zeppelin? A Hiddenburg.   my wife has sick tits she has breast cancer   NSFW Women have a new form a birth control She'll fuck a guy real hard and then about half-way through lay on her back and then take it up the ass. It's called The Falcon Method.   How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a lightbulb? To get to the other side   TIL in 1892 a man was investigated for never having taken a bowel movement in his life. They called him "No shit Sherlock"   What do you do behind your wife's back? Doggystyle   So a man in a wheelchair is having dinner at a restaurant. The waiter comes over and asks: "Would you like a glass of wine"? To this the man replies: "No thanks, I'm driving".   First Harrison Ford got cast as Han Solo... then he got cast as Han Solo.   All these Trump jokes... that he'll never understand.   Did you hear about the sex move called the Tom Brady? I'm not sure of the specific mechanics but, you cum from behind FTW!   A new study has revealed that diarrhea is actually based on heredity They found if runs in your jeans   I'm tired of people talking about how strong ants are. I can pick up a leaf too, who cares.   When I was young, I used to have an obsession with Posh Spice Which cost my mum a fortune in saffron   One morning eating my breakfast... Just cereal, i was looking at the missing person part on the milk carton, and i had seen many of these before but some reason this one caught my eye, it read "Lilly, missing 2 weeks blonde hair, blue eyes, always happy". A few days later im sat in my office on the 50th floor and i look out of my window and i see a blue tarp held by duct tape but had fallen down slightly, and inside was a little girl on a matress with her hands tied. I instantly remembered the girl on the milk carton, blonde hair, yes, blue eyes, oh my god yeah, always happy, well she was crying her fucking eyes out, no way that its her.   Did you hear about the charges being pressed on the mineral? It was assault.   They say history repeats itself... But I never expected it to repeat itself so soon, let alone at the superbowl! I haven't seen a lead blown so bad since Hillary's 2016 Campaign!   In honor of the Bowling Green Massacre, wear a green ribbon . . . . . . or, perhaps more appropriately, some color you made up in your head.   What are the most productive pants? Participants.   I went to an institute of botanical research the other day, but they only had one type of mushroom It was a shiitake   Eating clocks is not that difficult. It's just very time-consuming.   How Do You Cut Down A Tree? A sawwwwwwww Dude   Why don't you ever see hippos hiding in trees? Because they're really good at it.   Everyone were dying, except joseph He kept stalin his death   How do you explain destiny to a child of divorced parents? Tell them their custody is in their hands.   Tom Brady now has a perfect track record. He's won 57 Superbowls he's been in.   What American State sells small pop cans? Mini-Soda (Minnesota)   Why did the penguin break up with the walrus? Because they were polar opposites.   Why did the people living next door to the tennis factory call the cops? Because they were making a racquet.   I will sing of the blessings of the Lord. During the Testimony period in a church service, The 16 year old Pastor's daughter stood up and said: "Praise the Lord!" Everybody shouted with joy, "Hallelujah!" She continued:"Since the age of 13, I've been experiencing serious pain and bleeding every month and it was unbearable. At times it would last 3-5 days. But now, after a series of Bible studies with Brother Solomon in his house, the monthly pain and blood flow have stopped for more than 3 months now. No more pain, no more bleeding. You can even see I'm getting fatter and prettier. And I'm believing God to perfect my healing as we have started to pray seriously about the small problem of vomiting, especially in the morning. Praise the Lord!".   Why Poop is named Poop Because when you say it your mouth makes the same motion your butthole does when you poop!   Stolen car A drunk walks out of a bar with a key in his hand and he is stumbling Back and forth. A cop on the beat sees him and approaches, "Can I help you Sir?" "Yessh! Ssssomebody ssstole my carrr", the man replies. The cop asks, "Where was your car the last time you saw it?" "It wasss on the end of thisshh key", the man replies. About that time the cop looks down and sees the man's wiener hanging out of his fly for all the world to see. He asks the man, "Sir, are you aware that you are exposing yourself?" Momentarily confused, the drunk looks down at his crotch and without missing a beat, blurts out.... "Holy shit! My girlfriend's gone, too!!"   Golf balls A man got on the bus with both of his front trouser pockets full of golf balls and sat down next to a beautiful blonde. The puzzled blonde kept looking at him and his bulging pockets. Finally, after many glances from her, he said, "It's golf balls." The blonde continued to look at him for a very long time, thinking deeply about what he had said. Finally, unable to contain her curiosity any longer, she asked, "Does it hurt as much as tennis elbow..?" :)   I just watched an Imam trying to perform a tracheotomy on a Labrador while free-falling at 10,000 feet... ... I'm not sure extreme vetting for Muslims is such a good idea.   A black guy in a library asked me where the colored printer was I replied, "Dude, it's 2017, you can use any printer you want."   Your Uncle Jack got stuck on a roof Would you help your Uncle Jack off?   It's no wonder falcons are an endangered species They've got an extreme choking problem.   Radio Station Contest A local radio station was running a competition - words that weren't in the dictionary yet could still be used in sentence that would make logical sense. The prize was a trip to Bali. DJ: "96FM here, what's your name?" Caller: "Hi, me name's Dave." DJ: "Dave, what's your word?" Caller: "Goan... spelt, G-O-A-N, pronounced 'go-an'." DJ: "... You are correct, Dave, 'goan' is not in the dictionary. Now, for a trip to Bali: What sentence can you use that word in that would make sense?" Caller: "Goan fk yourself!" The DJ cut the caller short and took other calls, all unsuccessful until: DJ: "96FM, what's your name?" Caller: "Hi, me name's Francis." DJ: "Francis, what's your word?" Caller: "Smee... spelt S-M-E-E, pronounced 'smee'." DJ: "... You are correct, Francis, 'smee' is not in the dictionary. Now, for a trip to Bali: What sentence can you use that word in that would make sense?" Caller: "Smee again! Goan fk yourself!"   Dinosaur Why can't dinosaurs clap their hands? because they're dead!   What did Nancy Sinatra say about her actor friend Christopher's custom-made footwear? These boots are made for Walken.   Jack - Bro do you know newton's second law? Jhonny - I am a Science student bro! not a Law student.   For the Love of Tractors So there's this guy who reaaaally loves tractors. He had tractor toys, he read tractor weekly, he has tractor posters on his wall.... the works. He spent all his time consumed with tractors. So naturally, his mother got worried. She convinced him to go to the local bar to try and meet someone. So he reluctantly goes to the bar and, miraculously, he finds a woman who loves tractors too. (Not as much as him, though because NO-ONE loves tractors as much as this guy). But he meets this girl who loves tractors enough to stimulate him, intellectually. So fast forward a couple of months and this guy brings his girlfriend to the local field to watch the tractors go by during the sunset. He proposes to her and she says yes. Then they both fall asleep in the field and he has a dream that a tractor was coming to run over him. He wakes and there is a tractor coming towards him! He quickly rolls away but his fiance gets run over and killed. He is obviously devastated and swears never to even look at a tractor ever again. So he tears down all his posters and spends all his time in his room, alone and depressed for a few weeks until his mother, again intervenes and gets him to go to the local pub again. When he arrives, the pub is on fire! He rushes in and takes a deep breath, sucking in all the fire and smoke. The firemen immediately ask him how he did it. "I'm an ex-tractor fan."   I bought a copy of the Kama Sutra to spice things up in the bedroom with my girlfriend... ...unfortunately, it wouldn't fit inside her.   What did the penguin say when he walked into the bar ouch   What do you call an invisible black man? Incog-negro   A Scottish, fedora-wearing art professor complimented his Scandinavian student. "Nice skies, Finnish lass!"   Where do people who praise WiFi go? The promised LAN.   And God said unto John, "Come forth, and you shall receive eternal life." But John came fifth and won a toaster.   How to tell an estate agent is lying? Their lips will be moving.   It's so unfair that people are still judged by the color of their skin. If you want a tattoo, you should be able to get a tattoo and not worry about what people think.   What do you call Santa without both his arms?... Can't Applause...   Whats green and smells of pork? Kermit's fingers   Did you hear that Donald Trump converted to Judaism? He heard that Vladimir Putin likes to drink vodka with orange jews.   I hear the capital of Sweden really sucks.... But no one can leave.   Yo mamma so stupid She tells her kids yo mamma jokes   Queen Elizabeth has been on the Throne for 65 years That's one hell of a dodgy curry.   Did you hear about the veterinarian who caught laryngitis? He is mostly just a hoarse doctor now.   My girlfriend told me to take a spider out instead of kill it. We went and had drinks. Cool guy, wants to be a web designer.   What is a plane carrying yesterday's Superbowl officials called? Jet LI.   The Falcons Rise Up every year..... lose every year.   The Patriots are like a giant dick. Everyone that tries to take them on, ends up choking.   Reddit, I know the cure to cancer removed   Why did the Atlanta Falcons throw their 28-3 lead in the Super Bowl? They realized that if they won they'd have to visit President Trump in the Whitehouse.   The Ultimate Computer The Ultimate Computer stood at the end of the Ultimate Computer Company's production line. One day, a guided school tour arrived. The salesman stepped forward to give his prepared demo. "This," he said, "is the Ultimate Computer. It will give an intelligent answer to any question you may care to ask it. Would anyone like to try?" Little Johnny quickly stepped forward and asked, "Where is my father?" There was the soft hum of powerful electronic gear going to the task. Panel lights lit and blinked, and within a couple of seconds the answer appeared on the screen: "Fishing in Florida." Little Johnny laughed, "Actually, my father is dead! It was a trick question." The salesman, quickly thinking on his feet, replied that he was sorry the answer was unsatisfactory, but as the Ultimate Computer was precise, perhaps a rewording of the question might work better. Little Johnny thought and said to the Ultimate Computer, "Where is my mother's husband?" Again, the hum of the powerful electronic brain filled the room. After a moment, the screen lit up with an answer: "Dead. But your father is still fishing in Florida."   Which vegetable is kind of rad? Radish   Today in class we were sayin synonoms.. And my friend said "Donald Trump and Idiot!". My teacher wrote it down   How much room is needed for fungi to grow? As mushroom as possible.   Did you hear Atlanta is getting a new mascot? Hillary Clinton   My girlfriend broke up with me because I stole her wheelchair... Deep down I knew she'd come crawling back to me.   Hey! What's up? A heartwarming animated film about a boy, an old man, and his dog who all fly away to an exotic place in a balloon house.   I just got over 15 Valentines cards! It left me breathless... The security guard at the Hallmark store gave quite a chase.   To be Frank... I'd have to change my name   I submitted my DNA for genetic testing and the lab wrote back that I'm related to Donald Trump! I guess that's what I get for using 24 and me . . .   Why is Donald Trump orange? Because he is ripe.   We used to live on a very busy main road. But after our 4th child got run over, we decided to move in to a house.   If pros and cons were opposites.... Then wouldn't Congress be the opposite of progress?   Why did Obama get two terms as President? Because every black man gets a longer sentence.   What's the difference between a ginger and a vegetable? One's brain dead and the other is good for you   I have 3 heads, 4 legs, 6 hands and 416 fingers, what am I? A liar.   This was the most Superbowlly Super Bowl ever Super Bowl LI   What do hobbit homes with no entrances need? More doors.   "I prefer guys who make small dick jokes about themselves over those who make big dick jokes about themselves." "Well, I have a medium dick. It can talk to ghosts."   I like my bowels like I like my women... Loose.   In breaking news, Trump's personal library has burned down The fire consumed both books and in a tragic twist he hadn't even finished coloring the second one   Who is your favorite rapper? Mine is Bill Cosby, WAIT no I meant favorite RAPER not rapper, my bad   Someone told me that I'm a narcissist today I told them its everyone else that has a problem   A chemist auditioned for the play He got a 82 role!   Looking at you is like looking at Chernobyl "Why, because I'm radiantly beautiful?" "No because you're a fucking disaster."   I bet all the Falcon's fans out there are feeling a bit... deflated. hangs head in shame   A mad scientist is showing off his newest invetion to his henchman "Behold! This wrist-mounted device shows me my exact location and speed within the fourth dimension!" "Looks kinda like a wristwatch to me Boss."   "Want to hear an unfunny joke?" "No" Too late.   Goku has a big chance to... Go coo at a bird.   What do you call a large dog that meditates? Aware wolf.   I had Patriots Sex this morning. That's where you cum from behind.   How did the little Scottish dog feel when he saw a monster? Terrier-fied!   You hear about that failed drug dealer? He couldn't cut it.   I was in a restaurant when... A man asked 'Who knows CPR?' And I said, 'I know all the letters of the alphabet!' And we all laughed, And laughed, And laughed, Except one guy   Why did Jeffrey Dahmer move to a larger apartment? He needed more leg room.   What isn't a better love story than Twilight? Donald and Ivanka.   What do you call a gay drive by? A fruit-rollup   We got 6 inches of snow last night and I'm the only one to show up to work today You'd think these pussies would like 6 inches   My wife is leaving me because of my mental illness. At least thats what the cat told me.   What did you call a Mexican snake? Hisssspanic   My dad doesnt trust anyone, in fact he has a saying about it But he wouldnt tell me Credits: Anthony Jeselnik   Two sewing machines were walking down the road... As they pass by each other one says to the other "Hey are you that Singer?". The other replies "Janome?".   What medical condition are elderly bats most afraid of? Incontinence.   What do you call a dancing Latina with a yeast infection? Macarena and cheese   What is the difference between a couch and a black person? Couch can support a family of five.   How do you make a pigeon explode? Convert it to islam   Apparently breastfeeding hurts Which is sucky.   The NFL decides to put on a barnyard show Eli Manning says, "New York City has the best breakfast egg sandwiches so I'll play the chicken." Aaron Rodgers says, "Wisconsin has the best cheese so I'll play the cow." Tom Brady says, "We just won five Super Bowls so I'll be the GOAT."   8th anniversary Our 8th anniversary was approaching and my wife pointed out that it was the bronze anniversary. She suggested that we both get something for each other that fit this theme, but not something dumb. She said she'd like me to put a lot of thought into it. I replied, "So you want the brains and the bronze?"   Austin Powers: Jimi Hendrix deceased, drugs. Austin Powers: Jimi Hendrix deceased, drugs. Janis Joplin deceased, alcohol. Mama Cass deceased, ham sandwich. Atlanta Falcons, deceased, choked on a 25 point lead.   " I pulled you over today because do you know how fast you were going today, sir?" "I definitely was not driving as fast as you, officer."   An old grumpy lady gets in a bus. She hijacks the speaker and yells : "All of you that sit on the left side of this bus are assholes ! The ones sitting on the right are sons of bitches !!!" A man rise and answers : "Mrs. This is absolutely unacceptable, i'm not an asshole !" "THEN GET ON THE OTHER SIDE YOU SON OF A BITCH !"   A husband and wife in their sixties were coming up on their 40th wedding anniversary. Knowing his wIfe loved antiques, he bought a beautiful old brass oil lamp for her. When she unwrapped it, a genie appeared. He thanked them and gave each of them one wish. The wife wished for an all expenses paid, first class, around the world cruise with her husband. Shazam! Instantly she was presented with tickets for the entire journey, plus expensive side trips, dinners, shopping, etc. The husband, however, wished he had a female companion who was 30 years younger. Shazam! Instantly he turned 93 years old.   I went to the Atlanta Falcons locker room to get some change for a dollar... But they only gave me 3 quarters.   Two Scientists Walk Into a Bar The first scientist says "I'll have some H2O" The second scientist then proceeds to grab a stool from the bar and throw it at his colleague, realising that the first scientist was trying to murder him.   If only Jason Pierre Paul played for the Patriots instead of the Giants... He would be the first NFL player to have a ring on every finger.   What is Mexico's National Animal? The drug mule.   Where did the king keep his armies? In his sleevies   What's the difference between a dirty bird and a dirty tub? A DIRTY TUB HAS A RING!   Two old prostitutes are sitting on a porch reminiscing about the good old days... One asks: "Have you ever been picked up by the fuzz?" The other one replies: "No, but I've been swung by the tits a few times."   Someone running behind a car gets exhausted Someone running in front of a car gets tired   How do you wake Lady Gaga from a Nap? Poker Face   My son didn't take his kleptomania medication this morning. He took mine.   God said to Adam "I'm going to make you a woman" God: "She's going to clean for you, cook anything you want whenever you want it, always look beautiful, never be bad tempered, give you children, always obedient, and she'll never argue with you." Adam: "That sounds great, but what'll it cost me?" God: "Oh, an arm and a leg." Adam: "That's a bit steep. What can I get for a rib?"   The Atlanta quarterback should become a baseball pitcher... He's great at throwing.   Tommy's grandfather Miss Caroline's 6th grade world history class is taking a unit on WWII. The teacher said that if anyone had veterans from the war in their family, ask them to come to class and speak about their experiences. Some students felt they needed this to be a bit more with their time, so the teacher offered bonus points for whoever wished to get someone to speak. Tommy ran home that day and phoned his grandfather. He asked him if he would like to come and speak about WWII I'm front of his class. His grandfather agreed and Tommy happily went out the rest of his day. The next class, Tommy's grandfather was in the front of the classroom preparing to speak. Teacher : Alright class, please welcome Mr. Schwartz, who will be speaking about his experiences during WWII. Grandfather : Thank you miss. Now how many of you would like to hear an action story? Almost all of the students shot up their hands. Grandfather : Alrighty then. It was a gloomy day, I was in my airplane with top secret information. I looked around to see almost clear skies. Then I spotted them. Three Fokkers. One behind and on either side. The class began to giggle and Miss Caroline blushed Grandfather : Now I kept my cool and did a loop de loop to get behind em. That's when I fired. Bang Bang Bang! The direct hits. One of the Fokkers down, two more to go. At this the class burst into laughter Teacher : Now class, Fokker is an airplane manufacturer isn't that right Mr. Schwartz? Grandfather : Huh? Oh yes that is correct. However, these particular Fokkers were flying Messerschmitts.   Want to hear a Super Bowl joke? The Atlanta Falcons.   I bought some shoes from a drug dealer I'm Ng sure what he laced them with but I've been tripping all day   Free hoover It's just collecting dust   Why is free Wi-Fi never seen in churches? Because no church wants to be challenged by an invisible power that actually works.   How could anybody be a masochist? Beats me...   An English man, Irish man and Scottish man... Are on a plane and the pilot comes out and issues everyone a challange, "if you can guess where we are by sticking your hand out of the window ill give you 50 grand" the Scottish man quickly jumps up and sticks his hand out of the window "we are in Dundee" he guessed, the pilot shakes his head. Then the Irish man trys "we are in Dublin" he guesses, again the pilot shakes his head, then the English man steps up, "we are in Liverpool" he says, shocked the pilot answers "Yes! Thats right, but how did you know?" The English man replies "because my watch has been stolen"   I'm changing my name to Lead So I have a pretty good chance of someone blowing me   Marriage certificate. WIFE: "Honey, what are you doing?" HUSBAND: "I'm reading our marriage certificate" WIFE: "What for?" HUSBAND: "I'm looking for the expiry date..."   Girl wanted me to maker her scream with two fingers. So I poked her in both eyes.   Marriage counselor. A married couple come to the marriage counselor. The wife complains: "We were having a perfect marriage, until his girlfriend started dating my boyfriend..."   The Ace Pilot An ace pilot was up in his plane during his down time doing all sorts of tricks. He gets a furious call from his squadron leader on the ground saying "Get that plane back in the hangar NOW!" So, the pilot flies down to the hangar but he doesn't land. He flies in one side of the hangar, comes out the other, turns around and does it again. The squadron leader calls again and says "I told you to get that plane back in the hangar!" The pilot replies "I had it in there twice! Why didn't someone shut the door while I was in there?"   Wanna hear the best Irish joke ever? Dry weather.   His future is not that bright One evening a man comes to a witch so she can predict his future. The witch starts: "Oh dark forces, let me look into the future of this poor man." Then she continues " Oh I can see big Villa with a beautiful garden, naked women, big pool, and I can also see you, my dear." The man, really happy to hear all this, asks. "This is amazing, what am I doing there?" The Witch replies " I can see you gazing at all these through a hole in a fence".   Booze man Little Johny comes to his drunk uncle: -Uncle, you should stop drinking -Ahh Johny, I am too old to stop now. -But, Uncle, it is never too late to stop. -Then I have plenty of time before I stop, my dear Johny.   What do you call a cow with Parkinsons? Beef Jerky   Donald trump takes The New England Patriots out on his Yacht to celebrate their latest Super Bowl victory. The Yacht sinks and America is great again.   Anne has a will... Anne Hathaway   How do you crucify a spastic? On a swastika.   i've got a Liszt of great composer puns that's Haydn in my closet somewhere... i could look Bach there and read it to you, but i don't think you could Handel it.   What's the difference between dubstep and any other kind of electronic music? In the middle of a dubstep track, Optimus Prime takes a dump.   What did the Cardinal say when he saw the Pope had forgot to flush? Holy shit!   Peety the Dog A man's best friend, Peety the dog, is old and isn't feeling well so he takes him to the vet. The vet looks the dog over and tells the man that there's nothing much they can do for Peety. The man explains how long he and Peety have been together and how much the dog means to him and asks the vet if there's anything else he can do for the dog. So the vet brings in a cat, who walks around and checks Peety out and finally looks up the vet and just shakes his head, and Peety passes away. A month later the man gets his bill from the vet for 350 and he asks the vet, how come the bill is so much. Whenever you've treated Peety before, the bill was only 50. Why was it so much this time. The vet explains that his bill was only 50; the cat scan cost 300.   Two cholo bitches are arguing over who's nails are better, and shit is ABOUT TO GO DOWN. To prevent a fight, what kind of test can you administer in this situation to determine who's nails are actually the most fire? A "lit mas" test.   A woman with no arms or legs.. Is crying on a bench at the beach, i approach her "hey honey, whats the matter?" i say, she looks at me tears streaming down her face "ive never had a man hug me" she says, so i sit next to her and giver a her a nice hug she again looks at me still very upset "i have never been kissed by a man" she says. So i lean in and give her a kiss on the lips, looking a little better than before she finally says "i have never been fucked" so i pick her up and wang her in the sea "now youre fucked"   Three explorers, hunting truffles in the Amazon, get captured by a tribe of cannibals. The tribe members carry the three men, bound with vines, to the village chief. The village chief speaks, and one of the tribesmen translates: We are the Omweso tribe. We are a tribe of cannibals, and it is our custom to skin you and eat you alive. We use your skins to make our canoes. But we are a modern tribe, so we will grant you one final request. The first explorer thinks: I don't wanna be skinned alive! and asks if he can have the pistol from their bags to shoot himself with. The chief nods. The tribesman rummages through the bag and pulls out the gun and the box of bullets. He takes one bullet out of the box and dumps the rest of the bullets into the river. The first explorer nods farewell to his friends, and blows his brains out. The rest of the tribe carries his body away to begin skimming it and the chief turns to the second explorer. The second explorer thinks: I don't wanna be skinned alive! ...but there was only one gun... I've got it! and asks for the bottle of poison from the poison tipped arrows the tribesman carry. The chief nods. The tribesman fetches a bottle and the second explorer drinks the whole thing and dies. The tribe members again carry his body off to skin. The chief turns to the third explorer who looks him cooly in the eyes. Before the chief says anything the third explorer says: "I want the mess kit out of our bag." The chief eyes him suspiciously, but nods. The tribesman fetches the mess kit and gives it to the third explorer who opens it up immediately. He takes out the spoon and throws it onto the ground. He takes out the knife, looks at it, and throws it on the ground. Finally, he's left with the fork. The third explorer looks at the chief, looks at the tribesman, looks at the tribe. Then, he begins stabbing his chest furiously and yells: YOU'RE NOT GONNA MAKE A CONOE OUTTA ME!!!   Since the term "Gay" refers to people who are homosexual I guess that makes them a HOMOsapien   Why don't cannibals eat clowns? Because they taste funny.   Boyfriend: "I bet you 100 you can't say something that makes me both happy and sad". Girlfriend: "of all your friends, you have the biggest dick".   I've been talking to a 13 year old girl for about 2 weeks now We've been texting a lot lately and she just told me she's an undercover cop, that's quite impressive for her age.   Welcome to Trump's America where the best black superbowl player is White.   The author of the book "Childish Retorts" died today. RIP Ewan Whosarmy   Difference between twins I've fucked a set of twins. People have asked me how hard it was to tell them apart, but it was actually quite easy. You see, Caroline was a redhead with an amazing pair of tits, And frank had a cock.   How do you make lady Gaga cry? Poker face   A Russian walks into a bar one, night holding a gun... ... he goes to the bartender and starts shouting. I KNOW HE'S HERE. HE HAS TO BE. WHO'S THE GODFORSAKEN BASTARD THAT STOLE MY MONKEY? The bartender, stunned, tried calming him down. But to no avail, the man cocked his gun and shot him point-blank in the forehead. People started screaming. NOBODY'S LEAVING UNTIL I FIND THE BASTARD THAT STOLE MY MONKEY. He shot a few rounds into the ceiling and headed towards a table where a few drowsy men were finishing their drinks. He shoots one of them and bellows like an animal. WHO STOLE MY MONKEY? TELL ME NOW OR MINE'LL BE THE LAST FACE YOU'LL EVER SEE IN THIS LIFE. After a few stutters from the gobsmacked guys at the table, he shot rounds into each one's chest and spread them around the table. WHO STOLE MY MONKEY! As if to avoid falling over himself, he jolted towards the gypsy band that froze in a dark corner of the bar after the first shot was fired. He stared with cold eyes into the face of the lead singer and asked him the same obsessive question. DO YOU KNOW WHO STOLE MY MONKEY? The lead gypsy looks at the Russian, then at his band, then at the Russian again and replies YES BOSS, OF COURSE! The gypsy band starts playing and the lead starts voicing a high tempo tune: OH TELL ME LORD WHO STOLE MY MONKEEEEEY...   I accidentally sent a dick pic to everyone in my address book. Not only was it embarrassing, but it also cost me a fortune in stamps.   How do you circumcise a Trump supporter? Kick his secret gay lover in the jaw.   Are you sure you're the Falcons? And not the Falcants?   I was addicted to the hokey pokey... But I turned myself around.   Beer is like the sun Beer is like the Sun. It rises in the yeast, and sets in the waist.   Why is spongebob great at high pressure situations? Because he can soak up the pressure.   I'd like to be six again A man was sitting on the edge of the bed, observing his wife, looking at herself in the mirror. Since her birthday was not far off he asked what she'd like to have for her Birthday. 'I'd like to be six again', she replied, still looking in the mirror . On the morning of her Birthday, he arose early, made her a nice big bowl of Lucky Charms, and then took her to Six Flags theme park. What a day! He put her on every ride in the park; the Death Slide, the Wall of Fear, the Screaming Monster Roller Coaster, everything there was. Five hours later they staggered out of the theme park. Her head was reeling and her stomach felt upside down. He then took her to a McDonald's where he ordered her a Happy Meal with extra fries and a chocolate shake. Then it was off to a movie, popcorn, a soda pop, and her favorite candy, MM's. What a fabulous adventure! Finally she wobbled home with her husband and collapsed into bed exhausted. He leaned over his wife with a big smile and lovingly asked, 'Well Dear, what was it like being six again? Her eyes slowly opened and her expression suddenly changed. 'I meant my dress size, you retard!!!!' The moral of the story: Even when a man is listening, he is gonna get it wrong.   Wise Italian Grandfather An old Italian man in Brooklyn is dying. He calls his grandson to his bedside, "Guido, I wan' you lissina me. I wan' you to take-a my chrome plated .38 revolver so you will always remember me." "But grandpa, I really don't like guns. How about you leave me your Rolex watch instead?" "You lissina me, boy! Somma day you gonna be runna da business, you gonna have a beautiful wife, lotsa money, a big-a home and maybe a couple of bambinos. " "Somma day you gonna come-a home and maybe finda you wife inna bed with another man. Whatta you gonna do then? Pointa to you watch and say, Time's up!' "?   What Is Undeniably The Most Hated Thing In The Community Garden? A Dick Tator   A teacher asked her 6th Grade class how many of them were Trump fans... A teacher asked her 6th grade class how many of them were Trump fans. Not really knowing what a Trump fan is, but wanting to be liked by their teacher, all the kids raised their hands except for Little Johnny. The teacher asked Little Johnny why he has decided to be different... again. Little Johnny said, "Because I'm not a Trump fan." The teacher asked, "Why aren't you a fan of Trump?" Johnny said, "Because I'm a Democrat." The teacher asked him why he's a Democrat. Little Johnny answered, "Well, my Mom's a Democrat and my Dad's a Democrat, so I'm a Democrat." Annoyed by this answer, the teacher asked, "If your mom was a moron and your dad was an idiot, what would that make you?" With a big smile, Little Johnny replied, "That would make me a Trump fan."   School is like my baby boy... It hasn't worked right since I dropped it.   The "American Dream" was discussed in class the other day... ... the professor turned to the German foreign exchange student and asked if they had anything like that in Germany to which he responded, "We did, but nobody liked it."   What's the point of Jewish football? Getting the quarter back.   Overtime is a curse word in retail. And the Atlanta Falcons.   The last time the Reds had a collapse this big West and East Berlin became united   I forgot how to throw a boomerang but then it came back to me.   The patriots may have won the super bowl... But the Falcons won the popular vote   Falcons return to Atlanta tomorrow Guess the walking dead will be back sooner than we thought   What did Andrew Johnson say when he was inaugurated into office after Walt Whitman wrote his poem? I'm the Captain Now   What kind of party did the Donners have? A meat and greet.   What's the difference between a rat and a prostitute? One's a cunning runt, the other is a running cunt.   I have a cold Its snot good.   A girl is fucking her boyfriend. At her parents house. Her father after being woken by the noises goes upstairs to check it out, and walks in on them. "Dad!" she exclaimed in a panic "...I'm sorry" The dad being a dad replies "hi sorry, I'm Dad!" He then turns to the boyfriend and asks "Are you fucking sorry?"   I tried to send her nudes... ...But the file size was too big.   Who's a urologist's favorite jazz singer? Urethra Franklin!   Peter Dinklage should open a BBQ restaurant Called "Pig Me"   A man and his wife have a kid... A man and his wife have a kid and he is the smartest kid you have ever met. By the age of 3 he was reading full newspaper articles and chapter books most kids don't read until middle school and his dad was the proudest dad in the world and wanted to make sure his son knew it. He went up to his son and said, "Son, I could never be more proud of you. I am going to go out and get you a present and it can be anything you want." The son sat there for a second thinking and said, "Dad, I really want a pink ping pong ball." The dad was rather confused by this but decided to go get his son the ball anyways. As he was in line to check out with the ball he thought to himself, "Nah he doesn't actually want a stupid ping pong ball" so he went and got him an RC car instead. The son was the happiest kid in the world and was so excited to get his new toy and gave his dad the biggest hug he could and the dad sat there smiling. A couple years later when the son took standardized tests in elementary school he got a perfect score on every exam and his dad was the proudest dad in the world and wanted to make sure his son knew it. He went up to his son and said, "Son, I could never be more proud of you. I am going to go out and get you a present and it can be anything you want." The son sat there for a second thinking and said, "Dad, I really want a pink ping pong ball." The dad was still confused about his sons request but agreed and left to get the son his ball. As he was about to check out with the ping pong ball he thought to himself, "Nah my son doesn't really want this" and went back and got him a brand new Xbox. When he got home and gave the present to his son the son was ecstatic and jumped up and down and gave his dad the biggest hug he could and the dad sat there with a smile on his face. Fast forward a couple years and the son is now graduating high school. Top of his class, full ride to whatever school he wanted (Yale for anyone who cares about that detail), graduated with just about every honor you could think of and his dad was the proudest dad in the world and wanted to make sure his son knew it. He went up to his son and said, "Son, I could never be more proud of you. I am going to go out and get you a present and it can be anything you want." The son sat there for a second thinking and said, "Dad, I really want a pink ping pong ball." The dad was yet again confused by his son's odd request but agreed to get the ball. On his way to the store the dad passed by a motorcycle dealership and thought to himself, "Nah my son really doesn't that stupid ping pong ball when he can have a brand new motorcycle." And so the dad bought the new bike for his son and the son was the happiest son in the world and gave his dad the biggest hug he could before hopping on the bike. The dad sat there with a smile on his face as he watched his son drive off. A couple weeks later, the mom and dad are sitting at the table eating lunch when they receive a troubling phone call. As they heard the call both of their faces started to turn pale, the son was in a terrible crash and was not expected to live through the rest of the day. The two rushed down to the hospital as soon as they could and they hurried to their son's room. When they got there they were happy to see the son was still conscious. The parents rushed to either side of the bed and the dad took his son's hand and looked him in the face and said, "Son, you have been the best child that anyone could ever ask for and I could never be more proud of you." The son smiled and said, "Thanks dad." "I do have one question for you though." The son looked up at his old man and said, "Anything for you Dad." "Why did you always want that pink ping pong ball?" The son smiled and said, "Well I always wanted it bec-" Then he died.   I haven't seen a lead blown this badly since Hilary's 2016 campaign.   What does Hillary and the falcons have in common? They both blew it in the last quarter.   Why was the ground all white after Custer's Last Stand? Because the Indians kept coming and coming and coming... Courtesy of Stephen King's "The Stand"   What do the Falcons have in common with Democrats? They both won the popular vote but lost to Trump.   A man walks into a bar ...and says "ouch" Someone should move that.   A man drives over his wife who's fault is it? The mans, he shouldn't have been driving in the kitchen.   I need to pass my exams So I decided to join the Falcons. They pass even when they shouldn't.   I know why Matt Ryan still single He has a choking fetish   New Job Opening! Atlanta Falcons Defensive Coordinator No experience needed!   The Devil went down to Georgia . . . And obviously reneged on his deal with Falcons fans.   I think if I saw God strangle Satan right now... ...it would only be the second biggest choke I've seen tonight.   Who choked harder the Golden State Warriors or the Atlanta Falcons? Hillary Clinton   Dark humor is like food, not everybody gets it.   Abreva The official sponsor of the Lombardi Trophy procession... and all other major sports trophies.   The New England Patriots are perfect. Perfect 57.   Tom Brady and I have one thing in common, We are both now overqualified for our jobs.   The Mexican triathlon team is already being picked as the favorites for gold in the 2020 Olympics. All of their best runners and swimmers are soon returning home.   This day will go down in Falcons history..... The day the Falcons won the popular, but lost the electoral.   I got into a fight with my father when I told him Jim Morrison wasn't talented. He forced me to go to my room. I slammed my door behind me, and my dad said, "Don't you ever slam The Doors in my house again!"   What did the Falcons choke on after halftime? Deflated balls   Golden State Warriors "No one can choke harder than we did." Atlanta Falcons "Hold my beer."   Why must you hurry when having sex with your fat fiance on top? It's a pressing engagement.   Tom Brady needs to improve... He needs to touch-up on his touchdowns.   You know what Trump and the Patriots have in common? Everyone hates them both, but they both win!   Whats the best way to fuck up anything? Take it to Atlanta.   To save time we should shorten POTUS to POS   Super Bowl Guess the Falcons were seeing how far hard they could throw a game, not a football...   I haven't seen a team blow a win this bad... Since Hitler invaded Russia   The last time a group of New Englanders destroyed Atlanta this badly Sherman marched to the sea   Congratulations to Tom Brady, the first player to be undefeated over 5 Super Bowls. He's won all 57.   Don't let this Superbowl distract you... from the fact that the Warriors blew a 3-1 lead.   Dady, what is in between mummy's legs? - A paradise. - And what's between your's? - The key. - So you should change the lock, because our neighbour has a passkey.   What did the Hacker say to his girlfriend? "I'm in."   My friend keeps saying "Cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck in an underground hole full of water" I know he means well...   My wife said that having sex on holiday was the best It certainly wasn't the best postcard I've ever received   The Tramp's Holiday There was this tramp. One cold winter's morning he was walking along a country road, when he heard a cry for help from a nearby lake. Without a moment's hesitation he ran out onto the ice and slipped and slided over to a little girl. He managed to pull her out without breaking the ice further and carried her back to the road. He took off his coat and wrapped her in it then began looking for a car to flag down. Coincidentally the father drives up. "How can I ever thank you sir?" he says after putting his daughter into the warmth of the limo. "Just name your price - I'm a wealthy man." "Ah, well..." stammers the tramp, "... uh, I'm a little short of cash, perhaps you could help me out." "Oh dear," says the father, "I don't carry much cash with me, I only have ten pounds - but come home with me and I'll get more from the safe." "No! No!" says the tramp, "Why ten pounds is more money than I've seen in my whole life - that'll be plenty." "Ten pounds," thinks the tramp, "I'm rich! I'm rich!" and off he goes to the town to buy himself a holiday. He finds a travel agent, walks in - much to the disgust of the staff - and goes up to the desk. "I'll have one holiday please!" "Ahem, which holiday would you like?" asked the girl at the desk, forcing a smile. "Oh, any holiday I don't mind, anything up to ten pounds," replies the tramp. "TEN POUNDS! You'll NEVER get a holiday for ten pounds," says the girl incredulously. She goes into the back of the shop, and searches in the deepest, dustiest filing drawers she can find. There - to her amazement - she finds an old file. "Well you'll never believe it," she says to the tramp, back in the shop. "I've got you a holiday - its a super-duper, ultra-hyper, mega-economy class round the world cruise - and it costs ten pounds." "Yippee!" exclaims the tramp, "I'll take it!" A few days later he arrives at the port, and there in the dock is the most beautiful, most elaborately decorated, most expensive looking ocean-going liner he has ever seen. "Get off my ship ye dirty bum!" shouts a voice, and an irate captain storms down the gangplank and kicks the tramp down onto the dockside. "But I've got my ticket!", responds the tramp, "super-duper, ultra-hyper, mega-economy class, and I want on!" "Well okay," says the captain, "but you can't come on just now, I don't want my first-class passengers seeing you. Come back at midnight when it's dark and I'll let you on then." So the tramp finds himself a quiet spot among some cargo cases on the dockside, and he falls asleep. "Psst," says a voice, waking him with a start. It was the captain. "Hurry up, it's midnight, let's get you to your cabin." The tramp toddles after the captain, along the dockside, up the gangway, and onto the ship - and what a ship! First they went down through the first class level: Oriental carpets - 6" pile. A genuine Rembrandt on every wall. Leave your shoes outside for cleaning, and the steward brings a new pair. 24 ct gold trim everywhere. Then the second class: As above, but perhaps the carpets were only 3" deep, and so on... 3rd, 4th, 5th class, down past the casinos, and the ballrooms, down through the crew's quarters, down through the galleys, and the engine rooms, until finally, at the lowest point in the ship, against the very hull, the captain opens a watertight door into a tiny 7' x 4' cabin, with a hammock, a bedside table, and an alarm clock. "Sheer luxury!" exclaimed the tramp, "A room of my very own." "I'm glad you like it," replies the captain, "but there is one more thing... Your class of ticket only allows you to use the facilities of the ship, at night - when all the other passengers are asleep. So that's what the alarm clock is for. Enjoy your cruise." Well the cruise began, and the tramp had a whale of a time. Sleeping by day, and up on deck at night - he loved it. One-man-tennis, clay pigeon shooting, more food than he'd ever seen... Then one morning, a week or so into the cruise, the tramp decided he'd have a go on the diving board of the pool. He had just enough time for one dive before he had to go below. He climbed up the ladder, stepped onto the board tip, bounced, and dived... ... and what a dive...! Perfectly poised in the air, he hit the water without so much as a ripple. Now unknown to him, the captain - who'd grown rather fond of the poor old tramp - was standing watching this. "That was amazing!" exclaimed the captain, "Where did you learn to dive like that?" "Um, well I've never actually dived before," replied the tramp. "Well that's incredible!" says the captain, "I've never seen..." He broke off. "Hey, I've got an idea", he started again. "How would you like to train a bit, and we'll put on a show for the other passengers. I'll pay you, and you can then afford to go first class!" "It's a deal!" says our man. For the next 3 weeks the tramp practices like he's never practiced before. Back-flips, front-flips, triple-back sideways axled dives, you name it he tried it. Then one morning the captain comes to talk. "Okay, I'd like you to stay in your cabin for the next 2 days. We're going to erect a high diving board for you." "Okay," agreed the tramp. Two days passed, and the big day arrived. The ship was humming with excitement. Everyone wanted to see the mystery diver. The captain had provided the tramp with a new pair of swimming trunks and he wore these as he stepped out onto the sun-beaten deck. Gasps of astonishment from the crowd, and a hushed awe. Higher than the eye could see, towering up and up, rose a slender column of metal. "Well, tramp," said the captain, shaking his hand, "Let's see what you can do." And with that the Captain handed him a walkie talkie. And the tramp began to climb... up and up... below him the ship grew smaller... on and on... past a solitary albatross... and still higher... till the ship was but a speck on the ocean below... and on still further... till the ocean grew dim... and the earth itself... began to shrink... past our moon... and on... and Mars... and on... higher, and higher... through the asteroid belt... and on and on towards the diving board... past the outer planets, until... on the outermost reaches of the Solar System... he reached the board. He climbed on top and radioed the captain... and then... he jumped. Slowly at first, but speeding up, faster, and faster, speeding past Pluto, and the other outer planets, through the asteroid belt, past Mars, and the moon, faster, and faster, faster - ever faster, and by now the earth was growing large in the distance, the oceans and land masses grew clear, faster, and faster, past the albatross, double-back somersault, and he could see the ship, tiny in the distance, hurtling down now, he posed, ready for the final 500 feet, Down on the ship the crew strained their necks, "I CAN SEE HIM!" yelled a passenger, "LOOK!!!" The tramp streaked down towards the pool, did a last triple flip, and dove... NOT A RIPPLE ON THE SURFACE! DOWN THROUGH THE WATER! SMASHED THROUGH THE POOL BOTTOM! DOWN THROUGH THE FIRST DECK! SMASHING THROUGH THE SECOND! DOWN! DOWN! THROUGH THE CREW'S QUARTERS! THROUGH THE ENGINE ROOMS! SMASHING THROUGH HIS OWN LITTLE CABIN! AND DOWN THROUGH THE DOUBLE-STRENGTH STEEL HULL OF THE SHIP! STILL DOWN...! DEEPER, DEEPER INTO THE MURKY DEPTHS, TILL......... SMASH! Into the sea bed, sinking a 37' shaft in the process. Desperate for air he struggle out of the shaft, his lungs bursting he swam frantically for the surface. Up and up, desperate, gasping... Out of the water, up the ladder onto the deck of the ship, into a throng wild with acclaim. "HERO!" "WONDERFUL!" "AMAZING!" "GOOD SHOW THAT!" And handing him a heated towel the captain spoke, as a hush fell over the crowd. "Well tramp, I have NEVER seen anything like that, EVER. That was the most STUPENDOUS piece of diving I have ever seen." The tramp blushed. The captain went on, "but tell me, most amazing of all is how you survived smashing through this boat after you dived - how did you do it." And the tramp looked at the captain, and the crowd and replied modestly: "Well you see... I'm a just poor tramp... so you must understand... I've been through many a hard ship in my life."   A Irish man goes to the builders merchant He picks up a tin of paint and brings it over to the counter. The woman behind the till scans it though and said 'would you like a bag for that.' He says: 'ah no it's fine in the tin.'   Which came first? The chicken or the egg? Chicken, the egg just laid there and took it.   A sex toy salesman from the US takes a business trip to Canada The border agent asks "are you going to Canada for business or pleasure". The salesman responds with "I'm here for the business of pleasure".   Donkey weatherman Once upon a time there was a king who wanted to go fishing. He called the royal weather forecaster and inquired as to the weather forecast for the next few hours. The weatherman assured him that there was no chance of rain in the coming days. So the king went fishing with his wife, the queen. On the way he met a farmer on his donkey. Upon seeing the king the farmer said, "Your Majesty, you should return to the palace at once because in just a short time I expect a huge amount of rain to fall in this area". The king was polite and considerate, he replied: "I hold the palace meteorologist in high regard. He is an extensively educated and experienced professional, and I pay him very high wages. He gave me a very different forecast. I trust him and I will continue on my way." So they did. However, a short time later a torrential rain fell from the sky. The King and Queen were totally soaked and their entourage chuckled upon seeing them in such a shameful condition. Furious, the king returned to the palace and gave the order to execute the weatherman at once! He summoned the farmer and offered him the prestigious and high paying role of royal forecaster. The farmer said, "Your Majesty, I do not know anything about forecasting. I obtain my information from my donkey. If I see his ears drooping, it means with certainty that it will rain." So the King hired the donkey on the spot. And thus began the ancient practice of hiring asses to work in government and occupy its highest and most influential positions..   The Patriots can still win... By Electoral College votes.   God is everywhere. That's why Morgan Freeman is in every seat of the plane.   I hope Tom and Gisele weren't planning on having more kids. He's already firing blanks.   I don't get football.... At the beginning of the game, they flip a quarter to see who kicks off first. Then the rest of the game everybody just keeps trying to "get the quarter back". I mean, it's just a quarter, what's the big deal!?!   The fence and the hurricane There was a hurricane; the aftermath was horrible There was one man who's only property damage was his fence. So he called the carpenter; and he came over. Man: "how bad is it?" Carpenter: "I salvaged some of it but you're going to need to buy some new posts; and I've got other work to attend to so find someone else to do it" Man: "can you suggest someone?" Carpenter: "I heard rjokes is good at reposting"   The Rooster So this farmer has a rooster named Fabio. The farmer walks out one day and Fabio is humping a duck The farmer looks over at Fabio and says " Fabio one of these days you are going to screw yourself to death" The next day the farm walks out and sees Fabio humping his goat's leg " Fabio one of these days you are going to screw yourself to death" On the 3rd day the farmer walks out to find Fabio humping his horses leg " Fabio one of these days you are going to screw yourself to death" Finally on the 4th day the farmer walks out to see vultures circling in the air. Fabio lay there dead. The farmer exclaims " I told you that one of these days you were going to screw yourself to death and now look, you've gone an done it" At that point Fabio pops his head up slightly to look at the farmer and says "SHHHH they are about to land"   I wonder why dogs get mad when you blow in their faces but as soon as you put them in a car they stick their head out the window.   What s the difference between a pizza and a jew The pizza doesnt scream when you put it in the oven   "What do you call an educated tube?" and other science jokes! Q: What DO you call an educated tube? A:A graduated cylinder Q:Why did the bear dissolve in water? A:It was polar Q: How did the English major define microtome? A: A small book... Q: Why cant you trust atoms? A: They make up everything! Q: Why did the chicken cross the Mobius strip? A: To get to the same side! Q: Why should you use chromosomes in advertisements? A: Because, you know, sex cells. I...what am I doing with my life? A: Procastination!   The Patriots The pats shoulda subbed Bush in, he got more yards on that wheelchair than Blount did all game. riseup   When you buy a bigger bed... You have more bed room but less bedroom   How many black people does it take to start a riot? Negative 1   The Patriots are like the "German Engineering" of NFL teams But even the Germans make mistakes   My granddad always did say that we were too reliant on technology... I replied, "No, you are grandpa." As I unplugged his life support   1000 degree fidget spinner vs my neck. The result kept my head rolling!   A cop threatened to detain me for impersonating a police officer Apparently, "you can't arrest me, I'm a police officer!" wasn't a very good answer.   I once dated a girl who had no pubic hair. She insists she didn't shave or wax and said she wouldn't even be able to afford the supplies on her allowance anyways.   Donald Trump goes parachuting... Donald Trump decides that being president is tiring and decides to take a vacation. He decides to go parachuting at a resort in Florida. After the pilot straps Donald Trump's parachute onto him, the pilot says "3,2,1... and go!" and Donald Trump jumps of the plane. As he enjoys the view below him, he says, "Finally, a joke on rjokes where I don't die!"   What's the best kind of fisherman? A master baiter. Lel   People say Trump is like Hitler.. except he's not because Hitler actually had a good healthcare plan...   I am looking for a Bank which can perform two things.. give me a Loan and then leave me Alone.   Remember to always check you're grammar. I'm sorry.   If you listen in on a butt dial... Is it called tapping that ass?   Is it just me... or does Tom Brady look really deflated right now?   Never knock on Death's door... Ring the bell and run, he hates that.   And then the fight started. A son asked his mother the following question: 'Mom, why are wedding dresses white?' The mother looks at her son and replies: 'Son, this shows your friends and relatives that your bride is pure.' The son thanks his Mom and goes off to double-check this with his father. 'Dad why are wedding dresses white?' The father looks at his son in surprise and says: 'Son, all household appliances come in white..   What type of cameras do police officers in the USA like? Point and Shoot   I totally forgot the Super Bowl was tonight! Don't worry; so did the Patriots Falcons. EDIT: Well, this is awkward.   What's Tom Brady's favorite sexual activity? Deflatio   Today my brother and i tried some new water It wasn't bad just basic.   No one knows what Lady Gaga is going to do during the Super Bowl... Because you can't read her poker face.   I don't believe in conspiracy theories I think conspiracy theorists are secretly working together to brainwash us   Watching the super bowl and my wife asks me who I'm cheering for. Wife: "who are you cheering for?" Me: "the Falcons." Wife: "are those the red people?" Me: "they're called Native Americans now, you racist".   Mom am I handsome? Son:. Mom, am I handsome? Mother:. I don't know, ask your girlfriend. Son: But ,I don't have a girlfriend. Mother: Then you have your answer.   Five Horses Is Her Name A man asked an American Indian what was his wife's name. He replied, "She is called Five Horses". The man said, "That's an unusual name for a wife. What does it mean?" The Old Indian answered, "It old Indian name. It mean ..." "NAG, NAG, NAG, NAG, NAG!"   Life is like a box of chocolates.... Empty cause I am fat.   In what location are additional entry ways always in demand? Mordor   What is the largest super bowl of them all? Forty.   Two chemists go into a bar. The first one says "I think I'll have an H2O." The second one says "I think I'll have an H2O too" He died shortly after.   I heard this one from my grandpa There is a white kid an asian kid and a black kid playing together on a playground at school all in the second grade. The white kid asks if they want to play a game called whose penis is bigger and they all agree. So the asian kid whips it out, the other kids say "not bad not bad" Next the white kid whips his out, and they all agree that it's bigger than the asian kids Finally, the black kid whips his out and the other two kids are in awe at how much bigger his is So when the black kid gets home his mother asks him how his day went, and he told her about the game he played with his friends and how he won. So he asked her if it was because he was black. The mom looked at him and said "no, it's because your thirteen"   What have an Ostrich, a Pelican, and the tax man got in common? They can all stick their bills up their arse. (Credit: Billy Connolly)   Why do some African-Americans have afros? Because it's in their hairitage   A mushroom walks into a bar... Bartender says, "We don't serve mushrooms." Mushroom says, "But I'm a fun guy." Bartender says, "I just said we don't serve fungi." Mushroom says, "No, no, not 'fungi', 'fun guy.' I made a pun." Bartender says, "Get the fuck out of my bar."   The old turkey hunter There was an old turkey hunter, every year he went on a long hunting trip out of town, and every year the old man brought his wife back a gift. As the old man drove home he came across an old country store. So he decided to go in and find his wife a gift. As the old man browsed through the store he came to a large assortment of nuts, so the old man looked to the young clerk and asked "how much is a pound of walnuts", the young clerk replied "they are 7.95". "Jesus Christ good gracious" the old man said, then he looked and said, "what about a pound of your pecans"? The young clerk said " they are 7.24 sir", "son of a bitch, how the hell" the old man exclaimed. Finally the old man found a plain old bag of goobernuts and he asked the clerk, "ok how much are the goobernuts", the clerk said "they are 4.94". The old man shaking his head scooped himself a pound of goober nuts and took them up to the register, although the old man had done nothing but complain he said to the young clerk, " I just want to thank you young man, I appreciate how kind you have been. I know that I have a very strange voice and often times people tend to mock me." The young clerk merely shook his head " no I want to thank you sir, most people tend to treat me different because of my long and Bulbous nose." The old man squinted looking at the young clerk.. "you node that's your nose??, fuck me I thought it was your dick your nuts were so freakin high" "Much funnier when you do the old mans voice in all reality"   I've seen lots of things on the Super Bowl over the years, like boobs... But this year takes the cake with seeing two bushes.   My grandma just asked me, "Son, what's your retirement plan?" I said, "It's you."   I took my girlfriend to see her first football game... After the game, I asked her what she thought. She said she liked it, but didn't quite know what all the big to-do was about. Puzzled, I asked her what she meant. She replied: "Well, I keep hearing 'Get the quarterback! Get the quarterback!' It's only 25 cents, why all the fighting?"   Did you all hear about the sick Chemist? If they don't Helium or Curium soon they'll have to Barium   I don't like to blow my own trumpet. Which is probably why I got removed from the school orchestra.   Jesus and Moses Sit On A Boat Enjoying Retirement JESUS Hey Moses, do you still, you know..... have it? MOSES Have it? JESUS Ya Ya.... You know.... That "trick" you used to do. MOSES Oh buddy, I've still got it. Moses moves to the front of the boat, shakes out his hands, claps them together and slowly separates them. The lake parts and the boat sits between two enormous waves. Moses holds the water with extreme precision for a 10 count, and slams the waves back together. JESUS WOW! Not bad for an old timer. MOSES Well listen there J-Star, I wasn't gonna bring it up, but since you started it, do YOU still have it? JESUS Moses...... I'm Jesus Christ. OF COURSE I still have it. Fundamentally I have to have it or you can't have it, ya know? MOSES Well the shoreline is only about 50 feet, I suppose you could -- Before Moses can get the rest of his sentence out of his mouth, Jesus sets down his wine, casts off his robe, moves to the front of the boat, and takes his first step out into the water... SPLASH Jesus sinks like a stone. Not ever having to be much of a swimmer, Jesus flails to the surface of the water and Moses reaches overboard and hauls him back up. MOSES What happened ?!? JESUS Last time I did this, I didn't have holes in my feet!   I heard my friend making bird puns and thought... Toucan play at that game.   Did you hear about the Pepsi delivery drivers who were fired? They tested positive for coke.   What did the trilobite say to his girlfriend while they were eating? "Can I trilobite of your food?" P.S. - my eleven year old sister came up with this   I told myself I would stop drinking But I'm not about to listen to some retard who talks to himself.   I found a kind of totally tubular vegetable yesterday... It was a rad-ish   An unhappy lonely teenage boy... An unhappy teenage boy decides to ditch school for the first time, in order to get away from the people who only know he exists is when they are bullying him. He decides to wander the woods near his childhood home. After wandering for a while he comes upon an old, beat down, shack. It looks empty so he opens the door to explore inside. "Hello", a voice greets him from a dark corner. "I am so sorry! I thought it was abandoned. I'll leave now." he replies, shocked that someone could live here. "No, no, please stay a moment. I haven't had company in years." the elderly woman says, with a smile. "Yeah, I guess I can stay, I don't have anywhere else to be." the boy says, returning the smile. They talk for a couple hours before teenage boy has to leave to get home for dinner. "Thank you for being so hospitable. I had a good time" the young man says to his new friend. "I am the one who is truly grateful. Please take these as a gift for your time." she hands him a pair of ugly, colorful, but clean, socks. "Thank you?" he says, confused. "I can't help you make friends with people your own age but these socks may give you some courage to open up more." says the grateful woman. They spend time together at least weekly, and their friendship grows, but the socks remain unused in a drawer. One morning teenage boy has no clean white socks and in a rush to catch the bus put the socks given to him by his elderly friend. When he arrives to school everyone he passes smiles and greets him. "Odd", he thinks. At lunch, the popular kids ask him to sit at their table. Before the end of the lunch hour the prettiest cheerleader in school is kissing his cheek. When he gets home he tosses all his other socks out and puts his lucky ones in the wash. The next morning he puts on his socks and gets on the bus. When he gets back to school everything is back to terrible. He is ignored or bullied all day and anxiously awaits the final bell so he can speak to the old woman and get the socks fixed. When he enters her house he sees a massive bear mauling and eating his friend. "STOP!!! " He yells. "I need her help!! Please stop! " the bear turns to the boy and says.......nothing, bears don't talk.   How to lose weight while still eating fast food? Buy food from England, you tend to lose a few pounds.   When A Teacher Asks You If You Did Your Homework Teacher: Did you do your homework? Student: Did you grade my test? Teacher:I have other students' tests to grade. Student: I have other teachers' homework to do.   Why was the Buddhist sad when he was asked to send his resume to the company as a word document via email? Attachment leads to suffering.   Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the New York Times!   How do you make a magician cry? You make his family disappear.   A turtle is walking across the yard . . . Three snails come up and mug him. Later the cops are asking questions about the mugging: "Can you describe your attackers?" The turtle responds, "I don't know, it all happened so fast . . ."   A guy loses an eye on a fishing trip with his friends As he is laying in the hospital bed surrounded by all his family and friends after the surgery, his best friend rushes in the room and says: -I have great news!! I just ran into the doctor and he said you're not going to lose your eye! Everybody in the room turns around and the wounded man asks -Are you serious?! -Yeah! The doctor said he's going to put it in a jar with Formaldehyde and you get to keep it!   A man gets off work early... After a long day on the job, a construction worker makes his way home. He is happy to find the bus goes express, and he gets to his apartment building in record time. He walks up the four flights of stairs, thinking about how lucky he is to see his wife and drink a cold beer. He reaches his door but finds it locked. He knocks, and as he leans in he hears his wife moaning, along with the sounds of some guy. Well, he goes red with rage and starts pounding on the door. After a minute his wife opens the door, a blanket wrapped around her naked body. "It's not what you think!" she screams, but he ignores her, pushing past to see if he can find the guy. The apartment is only one room, with a bathroom off to the side, so there's not a lot of places to hide. The husband looks under the bed, peeks into the shower, but can't find the guy. Then he notices the window is open. He runs over, looks out, and sees a guy in his shorts hanging from the window below him. The husband starts yelling, "I'll kill you!", pulling tools off his belt and throwing them at the guy, until the guy suddenly loses his grip and falls. But since the fall is only three stories, when he lands he only breaks his legs. The husband is furious. He looks around for something to throw, and the closest and biggest thing he finds is the fridge. He pulls it to the window and then pushes it out, and it falls right on the guy, killing him instantly. However, in doing this, the husband works himself up so much he has a heart attack and also dies. The next thing he knows the husband is standing in line at the pearly gates. Saint Peter beckons him forward and asks, "Well my son, how did you die?" "Well," replies the husband " I came home from a hard day at work and found my wife cheating on me. I was so angry that when I found the guy hanging outside the window I threw things at him until he fell. However, he only broke his legs, and I wasn't satisfied, so instead I grabbed the fridge and pushed it out onto him. But in doing this, I had a heart attack, and here I am." "Oh boy." Replied Saint Peter "Well, while I'm sad that your wife was not true, it is wrong to kill. I'm afraid you have to go to hell." With that, the husband is ushered off to hell. Saint Peter looks at the next man in line and beckons him forward. "And how did you die, my son?" The guy looks perplexed. "It was the strangest thing, sir. I was sitting at home trying to work out, but my apartment is so small I have to be creative and do pull ups outside my window. Well, I was doing this like normal, when all of a sudden a crazy guy starts throwing things at me. I lost my grip and fell, and somehow by God's grace, I didn't die! I started thanking God, but then the guy suddenly pushed out a fridge, and it landed directly on me!" Saint Peter scratches his head. "I am sorry, son. You lived a good life, and as a reward, you get to go to heaven." And with that, the guy is ushered to heaven. Saint Peter beckons the next person in line, who walks up. "How did you die, my son?" The man replies, "Well, picture this: You're hiding in a fridge..."   How did the deaf teacher give his deaf students their homework? He assigned it   I have evidence that the mods on rjokes are censoring posts they dont like! More info in post! removed   When robots transform, they turn into cars. But what do cars turn into? Laneways.   I wish i had 2 cars. One delorean and some other car. I would usually drive with the latter, and with delorean only from time to time.   You won't believe what this group of teenage girls did! JK, that was just clique-bait   They say 1 in 10 people live next to a child sex offender Fortunately for me, I live next to two sexy 13 year olds!   Do you know what pisses redditors off? deleted ... and reposts   Did you hear that the Energizer Bunny was arrested? It's ok; he wasn't charged.   I want to share everything with you. Man: I want to share everything with you. Woman: Lets start from your bank account.   Eventually, all hipsters will age and end up needing canes to help them walk... ...ironically.   Man: I'll take a rum and coke Bartender: Is pepsi ok? Man: Yeah, that'll do. Bartender: hands him coke and pepsi   What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator. DA DUM TSS.   A hat for kirk My mum wanted to knit a hat for Captain Kirk of the USS enterprise, but it is quite tricky for someone who has three ears! His left ear, his right ear and his final front-ear.   After a long day Johnny went to bed. He kissed his wife on the cheek and closed his eyes, now sleeping. Suddenly he woke up with a quiver and saw a beardy old man with a cowl beside him. "Who are you and what the hell are you doing in my bedroom?" he screamed. "We are no longer in your bedroom." "I'm saint peter and you are in heaven, Johnny." "What? I'm dead? But I'm too young to die!" "If I'm dead, I demand you to take me back!" Said Johnny. Saint Peter scratched his beard. "It's not that easy. There's going to be a lot of paper work if we're going to send anyone back... But sure. You can go back, but only as either a fish or a hen." Johnny never liked swimming, his only option was the hen, and after all, the though of being one wasn't too bad according to him. If he can find another nice rooster he may as well have a good life. "I want to be a hen." He said. As in a blink of an eye Johnny was in a chicken farm, feathered and neighbouring. Everything seemed fine except he had a celestial pressure in his ass. He saw the farm rooster running towards him. "Hey, you must be the new hen. What's up? Asked the farm rooster. "Hello! I'm fine, but I feel an immense pain in my ass." said Johan. "That's the ovulation... You've never had an egg, right?" "Nope, so... how do I do it?" "Just cackle twice and then squeeze." Said the rooster. Johnny cackled twice and pinched. Bam, there was the egg lying on the ground. Wow, though Johnny. This was cool. He cackled again and pinched, another egg! The third time he cackled he heard his wife crying, "Wake up for gods sake, you are shitting down the entire bed!" Moral of story: Don't trust anything just cause a hefty rooster said something.   The truth needs to be told. I tried to stay out of the conversation, but can't restrain my feelings any longer. That incredibly arrogant man who cheated his way to victory and now thinks that he can impose his will on the entirety of America. He and his gorgeous foreign-born former model wife. And those angry, bitter people that he represents. No matter how many scandals and lawsuits he gets involved in, he still flaunts his obnoxious smile into our tv screens. A majority of Americans cannot stand you! You may fancy yourself the greatest patriot, but your days in power are numbered! Go away Tom Brady, go away!!   Doctor: "I'm sorry but you suffer from a terminal illness and only have 10 to live" Patient: "What? 10 What? Years? Weeks?!!" Doctor: "Nine"   God was talking to Adam... And told him, "I will make you a wonderful partner. Her name will be Wonderful. She will cook all your meals, wash your clothes, clean up after you, agree with everything you say, and best of all, she will never complain". "That's great" said Adam. "What will she cost me?" "An arm and a leg" Adam thinks for a minute, then says "What can I get for a rib?   A blond and a brunette was watching the news Showing was a man standing on top of a tall building yelling that he's gona jump. The brunette looks at the blond and says "I bet you 200 dollars that guy is gona jump" The blond thinks for a few seconds and takes the bet. A few seconds later the man jumps off the building and just smashes into the car parked at the bottom of the building. The blond fondles in her hand bag and hands over the 200dollars. The next day the Brunette meets up with the blond again and hands her back the money explaining. "I'm sorry, I can't take your money, I've watched that news story the day before. I knew he was going to jump." The blond replied : "No keep the money, I also watched it the day before. I just didn't think he'd do it again"   Arjun the Indian wife-beater punches his wife every night at 7 PM On the dot.   What's the most annoying thing about an aging hipster? He fucked your mom before it was popular.   The Supervisor goes to a farm where there is a large pig farm. The Supervisor goes to a farm where there is a large pig farm. There, he asks the owner: "How do you feed the pigs?" "I give them leftovers." Says the farmer. "That's not right." The Supervisor says. "I'm going to apply a fine of 10.000,00 for not feeding the pigs properly." After a month the Supervisor returns and asks: "What are you feeding the pigs?" "Well, now I'm feeding them corn." "That's wrong." The Supervisor says. "You will be fined 50.000,00". 3 months later the Supervisor returns and notice that the farm has only a few pigs. The Supervisor asks the owner: "Have you diminuished your breeding?" "I didn't". Says the farmer. "So where are the rest of the pigs?" "They're out there, and those who are here are back from lunch." "What are the pigs eating?" Asks the Supervisor. "I do not know!! Every time you come back to my farm I'm fined. So now I give each pig 10,00 everyday, and they eat whatever they want ".   Why do trans-people go invisible when they have kids? They become trans-parent.   What time is it when you have 1.25? A quarter past four.   Some people dont like meatloaf... But if you listen to his songs, 2 out of 3 aint bad.   What's the worst thing about breaking up with a Japanese girl? You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets the message.   Never trust shrimp They're full of shit   How do you pick up an elephant with one hand? You can't. Elephants don't have hands.   The chicken was acquitted of murder... ... because there was no evidence of fowl-play.   Your family tree must be a cactus. Because everyone on it is a prick.   A wife asks her husband, "what would he do if she died"? Husband: "I would go insane!" Wife: "Would you remarry?" Husband: "I don't know. You can't predict what an insane person would do."   3335 I first heard this one from my brother when I was twelve and it's been a favorite ever since!   Why will all of the referees check their voicemail immediately after the Super Bowl? So they can hear someone say "no missed calls"   A wise Chinese monk once said, "If the dog barks... it's not cooked well enough."   Say, have you heard the joke about the pizza without the sauce? Well, it goes like- Nevermind, it's too cheesy.   What do you call someone who speaks 3 languages? Trilingual. What do you call someone who speaks 2 languages? Bilingual. What do you call someone who speaks 1 language? French.   Why do men like bacon? Because they're pigs.   Heard this one at my great aunt's funeral A young boy and his friend are attending mass at the boy's parish. His friend has never been to a church service before. As they pass through the vestibule the young boy dips his hand into the holy water and makes the sign of the cross. Confused, his friend asks "What's that mean?" "I'm blessing myself before entering God's house" replied the young boy. The two children walk down the aisle and stop at the front pew. The young boy genuflects before sitting down. Again, confused, his friend asks "What's that mean?" "I'm humbling myself before Christ's Tabernacle" replies the young boy. Soon the pastor arrives and the service begins. After the opening prayers and the readings the priest removes his watch from his wrist, places it upward facing on the pulpit, and begins his sermon. The friend asks "What's that mean?" "Not a damn thing" the young boy replies.   Little Jimmy asked his teacher if he could go to the bathroom. "Yes, but you have to recite the alphabet first." "But teacher, it's an emergency!" "Just tell me the alphabet first and you can go. "A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O Q R S T U V W X Y Z." "Where's the P?" "It's all over your MOM'S FACE you retarded bitch! Lol owned"   What happened to Cinderella after the ball? She choked.   What is Mexico's national sport? Cross country   Why was the Energizer Bunny sent to jail? Domestic battery   Steve jobs would have been a better president than Donald Trump. But its a silly comparison really, its like comparing apples to oranges.   Did you hear about the blonde who backed into an airplane propeller? Disaster.   What sound does a 747 make when it lands? Boeing! Boeing! Boeing!   As a Christian I can't Believe there are Billy Idol Cover Bands The Bible is very clear that we should not have False Idols   3 mothers are sitting around having coffee and talking about their children. The brunette mom says, "I was going through my daughters room the other day and found a bottle of vodka, I can't believe my daughter drinks!" The red head mom says, " that's nothing, I was going through my daughters room the other day and found a bag of Marijuana, I can't believe my daughter does drugs!" The blonde mom says, "I got that beat. I was going through my daughters room the other day and found a box of condoms, I can't believe my daughter has a penis!"   A blind man walks into a bar... and a table... and a chair.   What do you get when you take the i out of waiter? A ban from the restaurant   Think Recursion There are two kinds of people in the world, ones who divide the world into two kinds of people and ones who do not.   The Dancing Cookie There was a truck driver that worked for a cookie company. Each week, he would load up his truck with cookies from the factory and make the three-day-long journey to the buyer. He would unload all the cookies and make the three-day-long drive back to the factory. He'd been working at the company for years, and was quite reputable. One day, he loaded up his trailer and hit the road. After driving for hours, he stopped at a truck stop and inspected his cargo as he normally would, just to make sure everything's okay. When he opened up the doors, there was a hole in one of the packages! He looked around the trailer and his eyes landed on a cookie, walking around the boxes! The driver couldn't believe it, but grabbed the cookie, stuffed it back in the box and taped it shut. "That should take care of it," he thought. After getting a cup of coffee, he started driving again. When he stopped for the night, the driver thought that he better check and make sure that cookie wasn't out of the box again. He opened the doors again, saw the broken box and a cookie doing the Charleston! The driver thought he was going insane, but there it was; a dancing cookie. He brought out the duct tape and sealed the cookie back in the box, then went to bed. The next morning, the truck driver woke up a the crack of dawn, thinking that last night's events were only a dream. After getting a bagel and coffee from a restaurant, he started up his truck and hit the road, jamming to the radio. Once he was fully awake, he remembered the cookie and realized it wasn't a dream. Slamming on the brakes, he took the nearest off ramp from the highway, swung the trailer doors open. Lo and behold, the cookie box had a new hole in it, and the cookie was leading a one cookie conga line on top! Furious, the driver snatched the cookie up, crammed it into the box, and covered the entire box in tape. Pleased that he wouldn't have to worry about the cookie again, he kept driving until the sun went down. On the third day, after a peaceful night's sleep, the truck driver started on the last leg of the journey to the buyer. He didn't even check the trailer for the cookie, being sure that it couldn't get through the tape. When he finally arrived at his destination, the driver checked in at the office and backed his truck up to the loading dock. As the unloading staff opened the doors, a small brown object fell out of a box. They didn't notice anything until they had unloaded a few boxes; one of the boxes was covered in tape and had a hole in it! Thinking it may have been caused by mice, they called over their supervisor. After taking one look, the supervisor called the driver's company, explained what happened, hung up and spoke two small words to the driver: "You're fired." Devastated, the driver didn't know what to do. He grabbed the offending box and stepped back into his eighteen-wheeler and sat there for a minute, in shock. Something caught his eye on the dashboard. It was the cookie, doing the moonwalk. The driver didn't make an effort to put the cookie back into the box, it didn't matter any more. He drove to the beach, took the box of cookies, and sat at the end of a pier with the cookie next to him, tap dancing. "I hope you're happy," he said to the cookie. "You got me fired from a job I worked at for years, a job I was happy doing. Now what am I supposed to do?" The cookie didn't look at him and kept dancing. The driver became madder and madder. "You think that's funny? How about THIS?!" He hollered as he kicked the cookie box and cookie off the dock into the ocean. THE END Isn't that a crumby ending?   What do you call a deer with no eyes? I have no ideer   A Man Was Tanned Everywhere Except His Penis.... There was a man who really took care of his body. He lifted weights and jogged 6 miles a day. One day, he took a look in the mirror and noticed that he was tan all over except his penis. So, he decided to do something about it. He went to the beach, completely undressed and buried himself in the sand, except for his penis, which he left sticking out. Two old ladies were strolling along the beach, one using a cane. Upon seeing the penis sticking up over the sand, she began to move it around with her cane, remarking to the other lady, "There's no justice in the world." The other lady asked what she meant and she said: "When I was 20, I was curious about it. When I was 30, I enjoyed it. When I was 40, I asked for it. When I was 50, I paid for it. When I was 60, I prayed for it. When I was 70, I forgot about it. Now, I am 80 and the damn things are growing wild on the beach and I'm too old to squat."   Ever use an expensive toothbrush? It's breath-taking   A boy was born without a body... His mother carried him around when she went out. Ever time she walked to the grocery store they would pass the playground. He saw children laughing and playing and he wanted so badly to be able to join them. Every night he wished for a body to go play with the other children. To his surprise one morning he woke up to find that he could stand, and walk and play, his dream came true! He ran down the stairs and flung the door open and bolted down the road toward the playground. Just as he crossed the road his face beaming, oblivious to the oncoming traffic, a bus tried to swerve and miss him but it was to late. The boy was crushed by the bus from the neck down, only his head remained. The moral of the story is that in life it is better to stay ahead.   The past, present, and future walk into a bar. It was tense.   And God said to man, "I will put obediant women on all corners of the world," then laughed as he made the world a ball.   Help me To whoever has my voodoo doll, please scratch between my butt cheeks. I'm in public. Thanks.   Why does Trump keep marrying immigrants? Because no Americans were willing to take the job.   What do you call a Sasquatch in mud? Dirty Hairy   How will Tom Brady feel if the Patriots lose? Deflated.   Blue films are the most Positive Movies.... No violence , No conspiracy, No Cheating... !! Lots of Love always a very Happy Ending for all Characters!! Lots of religious reference "oh god, oh my god, oh my god" Good co-operation, Good co-ordination, natural acting, No language problem...And the best part the actor's as well as audience are satisfied.   A psychiatrists secretary walked into his study... And said, "There's a gentleman in the waiting room asking to see you. Claims he's invisible." The psychiatrist responded... "Tell him I can't see him."   Have a good day When I greeted my boss in the morning, he told me to have a good day. Who am I to argue? So I thanked him and went back home.   How do you kill a clown? Stab it repeatedly   A Very Funny beautiful girl was a college student. Once Very Funny Girl comes late to class. Teacher: Why are you late? Very Funny Girl : One boy was following me, sir. Teacher: So, What? Very Funny Girl : That boy was walking very slow.   What do you can a pile of cats? A meowtian of pussy.   My wife complained that our sex life was boring I replied with "Well honey, if the same thing every three days works for rjokes, it should be good enough for you."   What's brown and sticky? A brown stick slaps knee Wakka wakka wakka!   Guys... I don't think Trump is really our president... He might just be Putin us on!   My wife and I decided not to have children... The kids are taking it pretty hard.   Frank and Ollie go to the beach wearing Speedos... FRANK: Hey Ollie, you know why we have these new Speedos, right? OLLIE: No, why? They are tight. FRANK: To pick up cute girls, they like tight swim shorts on guys like us. OLLIE: Great! I like cute girls. FRANK: Here, put this potato in your speedos to pick up the cutest girls. They will go crazy for you when they see that. OLLIE: Got it, let's split up and meet back here in 30minutes with our cute girls. (30 minutes later) OLLIE: Hey Frank, all the girls where pointing and seemed crazy. But they all ran away. I couldn't even talk to them. FRANK: Ollie, the potato is supposed to go in the front!   A woman walks into a bar and asks for a double entendre So the barman gives her one   I scared the postman today by showing up to the door completely naked i scared the postman today by showing up to the door completely naked. im not sure what scared him more, the fact that i was naked, or that i knew where he lived   To prevent date rape, there's a new drug for men called Niagra Viagra Rises, Niagra falls!   Why do riot police like to get to work early? To beat the crowd.   A bear walks into a bar... ... goes up to the barman and says "I'd like a gin and tonic .............. and a packet of peanuts". The barman says "Sure, but why the big pause?". The bear holds up his hands and says, "These? Hey, I was born with them".   I'm curious what my vegetarian friend will bring to the superbowl party tonight. Hopefully it's an apology.   If I could travel back in time, I would go to the Inquisition. I heard the women had nice racks.   Why do gorillas have such big nostrils? Big fingers!   A man walks into a bar... He sees a sign that reads, "cheese sandwich: 1.50, chicken sandwich: 2.50, hand job: 10." The man beckons to the sexy waitress and says, "are you the one who does the hand jobs?" "Yes," she purrs, "I am." "Well wash your freaking hands," the man says, "I want a cheese sandwich!"   I don't watch the news anymore I just lie to my self and cut out the middle man.   I'm ordering a chicken and an egg from Amazon I'll let you know   Who do you call when a popcorn gets murdered? The pop coroner   Loving beer and wanting abs is hard So I had to cancel my gym membership due to conflict of interests   A farmer went into a local bar... ...and ordered a glass of champagne. The woman sitting next to him said, 'How about that? I just ordered champagne too!' 'What a coincidence' the farmer said. 'This is a special day for me. I'm celebrating.' "This is a special day for me too, I am also celebrating," said the woman. 'What a coincidence!' said the farmer. As they clinked glasses headded: 'What are you celebrating?' 'My husband and I have been trying to have a child and today my gynecologist told me that I am pregnant!' 'What a coincidence!' said the man. 'I'm a chicken farmer and all last year my hens were infertile, but today they are all laying eggs again.' 'That's great!' said the woman, 'How did your chickens become fertile?' 'I used a different cock,' he replied. The woman smiled, clinked his glass and said 'What a coincidence!'   NSFW Yesterday i was caught masturbating in the shower Bet I never get allowed in to Auschwitz again.   Ban pre-shredded cheese. Make America grate again!   A man goes to the pharmacy to buy laxatives for his wife. The man asks the pharmacists where the laxatives are so the pharmacist says "To the right, on the bottom shelf, you'll see a green box that says Dulcolax". The man sees the box and sees a pink box right next to it saying "Woman's laxative". The pink box was three times cheaper so the man takes the box and asks the pharmacist, what about this? This is not for me, it's for my wife. The pharmacist replies, in that case you can take that, it's the same shit.   I saw two names carved in a tree... I do not think its cute. On the contrary, its alarming how many people take a knife on a date.   Did you hear about that new, bad pizza joint? Yay, they're getting critically panned by reviewers.   Conjunctivitis.com Thats a site for sore eyes - Tim Vine, 2012   Which college football team keeps people awake at night? The long horns   What kind of processors do slow PCs use? Potato Chips!   A man walks into a bar and finds an octopus sitting on a stool... The bartender tells the man "This octopus is really special. You can give it any instrument and it will play it better than any human ever has." So the guy needs to test this out. Luckily the bar keeps some instruments on hand for just that purpose. The man grabs a guitar and brings it to the octopus. Sure enough, it plays incredibly, the best guitar-playing the man has ever seen. The man goes and gets a violin and gives it to the octopus. Again, the octopus plays it amazingly, a virtuoso far beyond anything the man has seen before. The man has to try one more time. He saw something that surely the octopus would be vexed by - he grabs a set of bagpipes and brings it to the octopus. The octopus finally seems perplexed, just fiddling around with the bagpipes in confusion. Satisfied, the man says "Ha! I knew you wouldn't be able to play it!" The octopus looks at him and says "Play it? I was gonna fuck it once I got the pajamas off of it."   Did you know Matthew McConaughey is left handed? Just kidding, he's alright alright alright.   A little boy gets on the bus... A little boy gets on the bus and stops to talk to the driver. "Did you know if my mother was a duck and my father was a duck I'd be a baby duck"? Says the boy. "I don't care" says the bus driver, "You're holding up the line". The boy replies "well did you know if my mother was a bear and my father was a bear then I would be a baby bear"? Now angry that the kid has made him late the driver responds "oh yea? Well what would you be if your mother was a whore and your father was drug dealer"? The little boy looks at him and says "If my mother was a whore and my father was drug dealer then that would make me a bus driver"   A farmer wanted to buy a new rooster to breed with his chickens... The farmer's old rooster was getting up there in the years, so he buys a new one. The old rooster looks at the new rooster and sizes him up. "Look, sonny, I'm willing to hand over the whole henhouse to you, but you gotta prove yourself to be strong and quick. I'm gonna run, and if you can catch me, it's about time for me to retire." The young rooster thinks it over and agrees to the contest. The old rooster runs fast, but the young rooster runs faster. Just as the young rooster is about to catch up, though -- BANG! The farmer fired a gun, killing the young rooster. "Damn it, I bought another gay rooster!"   NASA's Space Pen When NASA first started sending up astronauts, they quickly discovered that ballpoint pens would not work in zero gravity. To combat the problem, NASA scientists spent a decade and 12 billion to develop a pen that writes in zero gravity, upside down, underwater, on almost any surface including glass and at temperatures ranging from below freezing to 300 degrees Celsius. The Russians used a pencil.   A Woman Gets On The Bus With Her Baby The bus driver says: "That's the ugliest baby that I've ever seen." The woman goes to the rear of the bus and sits down, fuming. She says to a man next to her, "That driver just insulted me!" The man says, "You go right up there and tell him off! Go ahead, I'll hold your monkey for you."   Why does Michael J. Fox make the best milkshakes? Because he uses the finest ingredients.   Russian dictators are the best. Theyre the crme de la Kremlin!   Hothead Pat, upset by how the Super Bowl is going, starts destroying things. Police get on the megaphone trying to evacuate the area: "Go, Pat riots!"   What is a snowflake's school grade based on? Class precipitation.   What kind of dessert makes women gain the most weight? Wedding Cake.   I just completed a puzzle in 6 months despite it saying 4 - 6 years on the box.   What did the zeros say after the election? He will not divide us   "A boy jumped through the window". What is the subject? English literature   What's the best part of a lobster pizza? The crustacean.   I was in a cab today and the cab driver said, "I love my job, I'm my own boss. Nobody tells me what to do..." Then I said, "turn Left".   Start typing on a laptop im not used to 4vjenpptth   Words of wisdom I'd rather kill myself than to commit suicide.   A woman was trying to breastfeed her son in a bus The kid throws a tantrum and refuses to suck on his mother's breast. So in a fit, the mother tells her son, "If you don't want this milk, I'm gonna give this to the gentleman beside us." An hour later, the kid still refused to breastfeed. So she tells her son again, "If you won't breastfeed, I'm really gonna give this to this man beside us!" Then the guy beside them suddenly interrupted, "Please make up your mind now. My stop was 30 minutes ago."   I didn't know the Disneyland had moved to the white house ... Apparently the president is Donald and the vice is Mickey.   At what time was Justin Trudeau eaten by a monster? Ate P.M.   We need to stop animal testing our products "But shampoo and makeup companies do it" "We make dildos"   What do you call it when you are studying bacteria and someone steals your sample? Cultural appropriation.   Scientific opinions differ... on whether climate change deniers have dog or rat shit for brains.   While I was on the bus, the person standing next to me played the national anthem While I was sitting on the bus, the person standing next to me played the national anthem, I stood up and he took my seat.   Long ago, there was a cathedral... The old bell ringer had passed away and the bishop set out a sign announcing that the position was now open for new applicants. A few weeks go by without any bites, but one day a man comes in. The man had a hunched back and no arms, so the bishop was leary of his ability to perform the job, but the Lord teaches love and acceptance of all. He says to the man, "if you can climb into the tower and ring the bell, the position is yours." Elated, the armless man runs up the tower stairs, bypassing the rope that one would normally use, but that he was unable to manipulate. At the top of the stairs, there was ladder to get into the belfry. Without hesitation, he climbs the ladder using his teeth, and beams as he looks upon the church's bell. He backs into the corner of the belfry, takes a deep breath, and runs at the bell full speed. He slams into the bell, it swings and tolls beautifully. The bishop kept his word and awarded the man the job. Weeks go by, and all seems right with the world. The armless man enjoys his new life, but sometimes, he gets a little dizzy tolling the higher hours. One day, while performing his duty to mark noon, he misses the bell altogether and sails out the far side of the tower. He falls to his death, and a crowd gathers around the body. In the general murmur, a voice calls out, "does anyone know this man?" Another replies... "No, but his face sure rings a bell!" With a heavy heart, the bishop places out the sign once more, advertising the open position. Again, weeks pass without a single taker, until another man arrives. His resemblance to the previous man is uncanny. A hunched back, no arms, and nearly identical in appearance. The bishop is dubious, fearful of a repeat of the recent tragedy, but the man falls to his knees, weeping and pleading, and against his better judgement, the bishop makes him the same offer. The hunchback climbs into the belfry, backs into the corner, runs and tolls the bell, claiming the job. To ensure the new ringer's safety, the bishop commissions the installation of bars across the open sides of the tower, and life continues on. Over the next few years, the hunchback enjoys his life within the cathedral. He is well cared for, and happy to perform his duty, though the midday ringings do tend to take their toll, and like his predecessor, he misses once in a while, but the bars give him security. Unfortunately, the bars are not maintained, they rust, and at last, they give. The armless man tumbles out of the tower and falls to his death. Once more, a crowd gathers, and again, someone calls out, "does anyone know this man?" And a voice replies... "No, but he sure is a dead ringer for his brother!"   the flat earth society ... ... has members all around the globe   I've tried to stop swearing but i cunt.   What do you call it when a girl wants sex and lies about being on her period Getting caught red handed   US Representatives are like the dislike button on Youtube comments They are supposed to be there to represent your dissent and anger, but never actually do.   I was sitting in a diner waiting order, when I hear, "Does anyone know CPR?" I said, "I know the entire alphabet!" We all laughed and laughed...except one guy.   On his 70th birthday, an old man received a coupon from his wife... The coupon paid for a visit to a medicine man living on a nearby reservation who was rumored to have a wonderful cure for erectile dysfunction. After being persuaded to go, he drove to the reservation, handed his ticket to the medicine man and wondered what he was in for. The old man handed a potion to him, and with a grip on his shoulder, warned, "This is a powerful medicine. You take only a teaspoon and then say '1-2-3'." When you do, you will become more manly than you have ever been in your life and you can perform as long as you want." The man was encouraged. As he walked away, he turned and asked, "How do I stop the medicine from working?" "Your partner must say '1-2-3-4,'" the medicine man responded, "but when she does, the medicine will not work again until the next full moon." The man was very eager to see if it worked so he went home, showered, shaved, took a spoonful of the medicine and then invited his wife to join him in the bedroom. When she came in, he quickly took off his clothes and said, "1-2-3!" Immediately, he was the manliest of men. His wife was excited and began throwing off her clothes as she asked "What was the 1-2-3 for?" And that, boys and girls, is why we should never end our sentences with a preposition, because we could end up with a dangling participle.   You know the old saying "Liquor before beer, in the clear; beer before liquor never sicker" As it turns out liquor before liquor before liquor is worse   Why are Samoan's offended by the Samoa Girl Scout Cookie? I mean it's not like white people care about crackers being called crackers.   I love to watch my guests throw up. So I always put the dartboard on the ceiling.   Superbowl That's it, that is the joke.   Did you hear the joke about Oxygen and Potassium? It was OK   I love cats They taste just like chicken!   I walked in to a supermarket today and noticed an attractive woman waving at me... She said hello and I was rather taken aback because I couldn't place where I knew her from. So I asked, "Do you know me?" To which she replied, "I think youre the father of one of my kids." Now. my mind traveled back to the only time I have ever been unfaithful to my wife and I said, "My God, are you the stripper from my bachelor party that I made love to on the pool table with all my buddies watching while your partner whipped my butt with wet celery?" She looks into my eyes and said calmly, "No, Im your sons teacher."   What does the oxygen say to the magma? I LAVA you   What do you get if you cross an insomniac with an atheist and a dyslexic? Someone who stays up all night, wondering if there is a file after death.   My boss asked me who is the stupid one, me or him? I told him everyone knows he doesn't hire stupid people.   Grammar Nazis no longer exist Their called the Alt-Write now   If humans were potatoes what would Donald Trump be called? A dick tater   Donald Trump might be the greatest salesman of all time. He sold bullshit to over 60 million people... and they bought it.   What does the word "gay" mean? Asked a boy to his father, to which he replied, "It means happy, son". "Are you happy the Dad?" Asked the boy "No son, I have a wife"   Escaping from the men's section of the insane asylum, the retard made his way into the women's block There he noticed a woman with practically no clothes. He took her in his arms. Nine months later, he escaped again and returned to her room. Only this time she had a little moron.   A man driving to the store finds no place to park... He sees an empty parking spot and eagerly drives his car into the slot, paying no attention to the "Customer Only" sign. When he comes back, his car has disappeared. He storms into the bank, where he demands to know where his car went. The banker looks straight into his eyes and whispers "I towed you so."   I love the way the world rotates It really makes my day.   My wife must have shit herself when i was born! Because she was only twelve days old   A Comanche scout was leading the US Army through the plains The army unit was traveling through hostile territory and needed this Comanche scout that knew the land better than anyone in the area, had the reputation to track anything for miles, and could tell what was headed towards them just from the signs of nature. The scout raised his right hand and halted the expedition suddenly. All eyes were on him as he walked quietly up ahead of the group and went to his knees and slowly placed his ear directly on the ground. He jumped back and turned towards the commander. "Buffalo come" said the Comanche scout in broken English. "By Lincoln's ghost! How could you tell first there was something coming and second that it's Buffalo?!" Said the amazed Commander. The Comanche scout raised his hand to his cheek and said "Face Sticky."   How many Aggies does it take to build a bonfire? It's like dividing by zero. It can't be done   A mother found her son scooping ice cream in the kitchen and was mad. Mom : "Dinner is going to be ready in an hour, put that ice cream away and go play." Son : "But mom, there's no one to play with." Mom : "I'll play with you, what do you wanna play?" Son : "Lets play mommy and daddy, you go upstairs and lay down on the bed." The mom said ok and went upstairs. The son put on his dad's fishing hat and lit up one of his dad's cigarettes. He went upstairs and opened the door. Mom : "Now what do I do?" Son : "Get your ass out of bed, you whore, and fix that kid some fucking ice cream."   Would you remarry if I die? A husband and wife are sitting quietly in bed reading when the wife looks over at him and asks the question.... WIFE: "What would you do if I died? Would you get married again?" HUSBAND: "Definitely not!" WIFE: "Why not? Don't you like being married?" HUSBAND: "Of course I do.." WIFE: "Then why wouldn't you remarry? " HUSBAND: "Okay, okay, I'd get married again." WIFE: "You would?" (with a hurt look) HUSBAND: (makes audible groan) WIFE: "Would you live in our house?" HUSBAND: "Sure, it's a great house." WIFE: "Would you sleep with her in our bed?" HUSBAND: "Where else would we sleep?" WIFE: "Would you let her drive my car?" HUSBAND: "Probably, it is almost new." WIFE: "Would you replace my pictures with hers?" HUSBAND: "That would seem like the proper thing to do." WIFE: "Would you give her my jewellery?" HUSBAND: "No, I'm sure she'd want her own." WIFE: "Would you take her golfing with you? HUSBAND: "Yes, those are always good times." WIFE: "Would she use my clubs? HUSBAND: "No, she's left-handed." WIFE: -- silence -- HUSBAND: "Shit."   An old couple is sitting in church The wife turns to the husband and says, "I just let out a silent fart. What should I do." "Put new batteries in your hearing aids."   A man is trying to prove his innocence in court Defendant: "Please your honour, I don't have a single bad bone in my body" Prosecutor: "Well according to your medical exam it appears you have osteoporosis" Judge: "Guilty"   A man wakes up in hospital and exclaims, "Doctor! I... I can't feel my legs"! Doctor: "Right, that's because we had to amputate your arms".   A man walks into a bar... He sits down to have a pint and notices lumps of meat hanging above the bar. He asks the barman, "What's with the meat hanging here?" The barman explains... "Well if you can jump up and hit the meat, you get a free drink, but if you miss, you have to buy everyone a round. What do you say?" The man say, "Hmm no, the steaks are too high."   I was walking home late at night along a dark street. There was a young woman walking a few steps in front of me. She crossed over to the other side of the road; I crossed over too. She quickened her pace a little; I quickened my pace too. She broke into a run; I broke into a run too. She panicked and began to scream and run hell-for-leather; I panicked and began to scream and run hell-for-leather too. Whatever it was, I was damned if it was going to catch me first. P.S. It's an old one, but I doubt the original used semi-colons, so give me that.   My wife said that I don't listen... ...or it was something like that.   Why did the console gamer die in the art gallary? There was too many frames.   So i was at this bar And the bar tender yelled "Does anyone know CPR!?" I yelled back "Yeah I do, and I know the rest of the alphabet too!" Everybody in the bar laughed....Except one guy.   A cowboy dies and goes to hell, Satan say's he can choose his punishment, However there is one rule, once you pass on a pushiment, you cannot go back, you must move onto the next one, so the cowboy agree's and satan takes him to the first room, it is a bunch of men standing on their heads, the cowboy takes a look and says "naw ill pass on this one". so they go to the next one, and its a bunch of people again standing on their heads however this time on hard concerete. once again the cowboy passes, in the third room, he sees a bunch of people standing knee deep in cow shit, smoking and drinking, the cowboy takes a look and says "well hell i lived most of my live smoking and drinking in cow shit, ill take this one. So the cowboy stands around for about a half hour smoking and drinking when satan walks back into the room and says "all right boys breaks over EVERYBODY back on your heads!"   As a black man why don't I like cops? Beats me   Did you hear about the foreskin that accidentally walked into the Shul? removed   I wish I got laid as much... ... as I get screwed   What did the General say to the Sultan when they lost the battle? "Sir, we're Otto-men!"   A man saw a post on Facebook. The post said- hamburger fries 5 fries slushie 7 slushie chicken nuggets 11 How much does a slushie, chicken nuggets, fries and a hamburger cost? The man was incredibly stupid so he dawned on the question for hours and hours. While he was thinking, the answer just dawned on him. He scrolled down to the comment section and typed in one word. "Diabetes"   How do you know if you have one of the rare 1million pennies in circulation? You don't.   A woman posts an ad in the news paper that looks like this... 'Looking for man with these qualifications; won't beat me up; or run away from me and is great in bed.' She got lots of phone calls replying to her ad but met someone perfect at her door one day. The man she met said, "Hi, I'm Bob. I have no arms so I won't beat you up and no legs so I won't run away." So the lady says, "What makes you think you are great in bed?" Bob replies, "I rang the door bell didn't I?"   I started teaching Maths to midgets in my area. I'm making little things count.   Three words to ruin a man's ego...? Is it in?   Why did I get divorced? Well, last week was my birthday. My wife didn't wish me a happy birthday. My parents forgot and so did my kids. I went to work and even my colleagues didn't wish me a happy birthday. As I entered my office, my secretary said, "Happy birthday, boss!" I felt so special. She asked me out for lunch. After lunch, she invited me to her apartment. We went there and she said, "Do you mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute?" "Okay," I said. She came out 5 minutes later with a birthday cake, my wife, my parents, my kids, my friends, my colleagues all yelling, "SURPRISE!!!" while I was waiting on the sofa... naked.   I have just watched a documentary on marijuana. I think all documentaries should be watched this way.   Why can't noses be 12 unches long? Because then it'd be a foot!   Was in town last night... I somehow managed to pull this absolute stunner of a lassie. Long story short, turns out she was a lady boy. But I mean, she looked like a woman, spoke like a woman, kissed like a woman... It was only when she drove us back to her place and managed to reverse the car perfectly into the garage that I stopped and thought "wait, hang on a minute!"   My girlfriend wanted me to treat her like a princess. So I gave her to a gorilla for him to throw barrels at me.   If I had a dollar for every time someone over 40 told me my generation sucks... I'd have enough money to buy the rights for this joke.   A man stuck in a traffic jam some guy came and knocked on his windows and said "Donald Trump has been kidnapped, the kidnappers ask for 1 billion dollars or they will burn him with gasoline , we're asking for donation " So the man in the car asked and on average how much does a person donate? so the guy replies "between one gallon and two gallons "   It's Albert Einstein, not mine Few things are Infinite, The Universe, Human stupidity and the amount of times you have to tell your Mother you can't pause an online Game.   What does a man with no balls and a small penis have in common with a joke with a good punchline... They both make you laugh and you don't see them coming.   Sisters of Mercy House of Prostitution A man was driving along one evening and saw a sign that said, "Sisters of Mercy House of Prostitution, 10 miles." Thinking is was a little weird, he then comes to another sign, "Sisters of Mercy House of Prostitution, 5 miles." So when he gets to the place, out of curiosity, he decides to check it out. He walks up to the door and a nun answers. He tells her about the signs he saw and she says, "Oh yes, come on in." Once inside, she instructs him to take the door to the right, go down the hall to the left and Sister Agnes will greet you. So he does as instructed, going through the door to the right and down the hall to the left and there's Sister Agnes, who says, "Yes, that will be 50 please and just take this door to the right." He pays his money and takes the door to the right, where he finds himself back out in the parking lot with a big sign that says, "Thank you, you've just been screwed by the Sisters of Mercy."   It takes many nails to build a crib... But only one to fill it   After Noah led the animals onto the ark, it started to rain After Noah led the animals onto the ark, two by two, it started to rain for 40 days and 40 nights. After the 15th day, with all the animals cooped up together with no designated toilet area, the ark began to smell. So Noah, being a wise old Noah, decided to set up a designated shitting area at the bow of the ark. He then called the animals in for a meeting. He proceeded to tell them about the newly designated shitting area. After the 20th day there was so much shit gathered at the bow that the ark began to tilt, leaving the stern raised making it near impossible to play pool. So, being a wise old Noah, he once again had a plan. With the help of the big animals such as the elephants and rhino's he rolled up all the shit into one huge ball and threw it overboard into the ocean.... 325,000 years later Christopher Columbus discovered it.   What do you call a gay couple in their 80? Slo-mo sexuals.   One day, Canada will take over the world. Then we'll all be sorry.   What is Donald Trump's most anticipated movie of the year? The Great Wall.   A bird is shivering on the fence of a barnhouse on a cold evening... ...A dog passes by, on seeing the bird grabbed it carefully with its teeth and places it in a heap of freshly laid cow dung on the floor of the barn an plodded off. The bird who was already cold became quite pissed at the dog, it tried to move but the dung was too thick. It then felt the warmth of the dung, far warmer that it's former place and began to enjoy the warmth and felt quite happy and began to sing. Now a hawk that had also decided to take shelter in the barn wakes up to the sound of the bird singing. It sees the bird and swoops down and grabs it before washing it in a tub of water to clean off the bits of dung on it. The bird was feeling thankful for being pulled out of the cooling dung until the hawk just ate it. Now this story has two morals; 1. Who ever puts you in trouble(shit) isn't necessarily a bad person nor is the one who pulls you out of the trouble a good person. 2. And the second moral is; when you are in trouble, I mean in DEEP shit, don't fucking sing.   My dad has suggested that I register to be an organ donor.... I guess he is a man after my own heart.   I got arrested for killing a black man. They charged me with impersonating a police officer.   What is Justin Timberlake's Favorite vacation spot in the Ukraine? Crimea River   Britain is the best place for foodies. You loose pounds everytime you eat   I sat next to a smoking-hot thai woman on an aeroplane once... I thought to myself.... "please don't get an erection, please don't get an erection...." And then she did.   Girl, you're just like breathing... All I ever think about   I dont usually wear jeans but... i hate jeans with a passion but on this particular night that i had a date all my khakis were dirty, so i had no choice but to slip into a pair of levis i had hanging in the closet. later on that night the subject of hereditary body parts came up between me and the lady, she told me she gets her enormous tits from her mother, and i told her yeah well i have huge dick.... its in the JEANS.   What do fish like to smoke? Seaweed   Two fish are swimming Two fish are swimming, One hits a wall and says dam.   My ex-girlfriend still loves it when I eat her out of house and home. Is this the usual breakup routine?   What's Trump's favorite math operation? Division.   Why is Donald Trump single? Because he doesn't want to be with some Juan.   Talk is cheap. But AM radio still can't turn a profit.   I saw two kids fighting on the play ground. As the only adult there I had to step in. They never had a chance.   What did Barrack say when he was all alone? 12 OC Here I am Obama self... Like a crab in Michelle.   What did the young casserole say to his mother when she called him down for dinner? "I can't Ma, I'm stroganoff!"   Are you a dime? Because no one fucking wants you.   What do you call a fashionable Russian? Spetsnazzy.   Nerdy pickup line Hey baby, are you a compressed file format, because rar. now where did I put the bleach...   Three words I can't stand three words, I can't stand   Girlfriend: Would you dump me for someone more like a trophy wife? Me: Honey, I already have someone like that! Girlfriend: Aww, you're too sweet! Me: Yeah, you should meet her!   How do you get a condom on an elephant? Take the 'Y' out of 'easy' and the 'F' out of 'Way' ....   If a feminist makes herself a sandwich.. Is she oppressing herself? Bring it on.   A woman is cleaning her daughters room when she stumbles upon her diary. She sees an entry that reads: "I lost my virginitty today" The woman starts crying. "How can this happen? I've given her everything. Why did she do this to me? She can't be serious about this. She's in 9th grade for gods sake. How does she not know how to spell virginity?"   'Waiter,' said the customer, 'there's a hair in this honey.' 'Ah', replied the waiter, 'it must be from the comb.'   Ever since I've installed Adblocker... for some reason all the local singles lost interest in me.   Ever wonder why Jewish girls are so hot? its because the nazis put them in ovens.   My wife came home pissed "I can't believe what the school board is trying to do! I've worked hard to get ahead for 20 years now and they never cease to amaze me how petty they can be!" I asked what was the matter and did they not give her the promotion to run the school. "Yes, I got the promotion. The raise, the parking spot closest to the door. Even an extra week vacation." I'm thinking this sounds great. More money is always good. And an extra week off makes vacation planning so much easier. "So, it sounds like it's everything you wanted. You're now head of the school, something you've wanted for a long time." "It's NOT everything. I don't get the title I wanted. They couldn't let me have it. They just had to twist the knife. My title is Senior Administrator." she hissed. "Well, that does seem a bit strange. But really, you know what you are. So what does it matter?" "It's the Principal of the matter!"   What's it called when an entire store is sick? A staph (staff) infection.   Z used to be at the front of the alphabet But as we all know, a threw z.   Boss: Take this broom and go sweep the hallways! Employee: But I'm a college graduate! Boss: Great! Then I should only have to explain this just once.   I know that the placebos is supposed to help with testing pills and medicines if they actually work... But who's smart-ass idea was it to try it with Birth Control!?!?   4 years old: what do you call a cow that does not moo? 5 years old: it is called no moo cow.   New Yorkers; don't go on flight 225B tomorrow sent from a Galaxy Note 7   "Hello, is this the anonymous FBI tip line?" "Yes, Dave."   They say that the best thing to do is something that excites you and scares you at the same time. Time to go fuck a blender.   What do you do if a blonde throws a pin at you? Run like hell, she's holding a hand grenade.   What do you call a skinny tree? The Real Slim Shady   What does the NFL, NBA, and the Catholic Church have in common? They all have a cult following   A guy walked up to me and said... "I'm a teepee, I'm a wigwam, I'm a teepee, I'm a wigwam!" and I said "Relax man, you're two tents!"   After my wife gave birth I asked my doctor when we could have sex He told me as soon as he'd washed his hands   You should be as excited about church as about the Superbowl. So when your pastor makes a point this Sunday, dump gatorade all over his head.   100,000 blondes meet in a football stadium for a "Blondes Are Not Stupid" Convention. The leader says, "We are all here today to prove to the world that blondes are not stupid. Can I have a volunteer?" A blonde gingerly works her way through the crowd and steps up to the stage. The leader asks her, "What is 15 plus 15?" After 15 or 20 seconds she says, "Eighteen!" Obviously everyone is a little disappointed. Then 80,000 blondes start cheering, "Give her another chance! Give her another chance!" The leader says, "Well since we've gone to the trouble of getting 80,000 of you in one place and we have the world- wide press and global broadcast media here, gee, uh, I guess we can give her another chance." So he asks, "What is 5 plus 5?" After nearly 30 seconds she eventually says, "Ninety?" The leader is quite perplexed, looks down and just lets out a dejected sigh -- everyone is disheartened - the blonde starts crying and the 80,000 girls begin to yell and wave their hands shouting, "GIVE HER ANOTHER CHANCE! GIVE HER ANOTHER CHANCE!" The leader, unsure whether or not he is doing more harm than damage, eventually says, "Ok! Ok! Just one more chance -- What is 2 plus 2?" The girl closes her eyes, and after a whole minute eventually says, "Four?" Throughout the stadium pandemonium breaks out as all 80,000 girls jump to their feet, wave their arms, stomp their feet and scream... "Give her another chance! Give her another chance!"   Why can't dinosaurs clap their hands? Because they are dead.   I can never calculate the derivative of a curve. Every time I try, I go off on a tangent.   What do you call a dildo you can smoke weed out of? A bong dong.   Difference between Tiger Woods and Princess Diana Tiger Woods has a better driver   What has Donald Trump in common with Pink Floyd? The Wall.   Two surfer dudes are sitting in church One turns to the other and says, "DUDE! Did you know God has a name?" "Dude, NO WAY!!!" "Yahweh!"   I was diagnosed with Postpartum Depression.. Being sad since I was born.   What is brown and sticky? Shit   The only difference between my dick and a tiny action figure Is that my dick comes without any warning.   I have a feeling Gordon Ramsay likes to wear condoms when he has sex Because he doesn't like it raw.   A college teacher noticed that his exchange student, Dave, suddenly had started attracting a lot of female attention. So, one day he asked Dave about his secret. Dave replied: "Well, before sex I simply whip out my willy and smack it against the bedside table, like a hammer. It numbs it up and makes me last longer". Later that day, the college teacher gets home to his wife and finds her in the shower - a welcome opportunity for sex. So, he quickly undresses and starts banging his dick against the dresser, just before hearing his wife calling from the shower: "Is that you, Dave?".   Ellen should give away more stuff Then rename her show Ellen the Generous.   Donald, Melania, and Ivanka are at the game They show up on the kiss cam, so Donald and Ivanka kiss   What do you get if your pour hot water down a rabbit hole? Hot-Cross bunnies!   My wife was writing a VD poem My wife was diligently writing something this morning. I asked her what she was writing? She relied that she was composing my Valentines Day poem. I was kinda chocked up then, she asked, "What rhymes with SCUM-BAG?"   Me: Hey dad, tell me a joke! Dad: Pussy. Me: I don't get it. Dad: I know.   Shakira Law What's the difference between Trump and "Shakira Law?" Hips don't lie.   What did the Princess do when she got to the ball? Makes choking noise   What do you call a pile of kittens? A meowntain.   Deep within a forest, a little turtle began to climb a tree... After hours of effort he reached the top, jumped into the air waving his front legs and crashed to the ground. After recovering, he slowly climbed the tree again, jumped, and fell to the ground. The turtle tried again and again while a couple of birds sitting on a branch watched his sad efforts. Finally, the female bird turned to her mate and chirped, Dear, I think its time to tell him hes adopted.   Why did the dumb cat slip and fall from the roof? Because 0   How do you think the unthinkable? With an ithburg.   A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants. When the bartender points it out, the pirate replies "Arrrgh, it's been driving me nuts all day."   Guess who retweeted me? Your mom.   My mom made chicken soup with rice in it... I told her, "I don't want chicken soup with Ricin!"   My friend says he has the body of a Greek god... I had to explain to him that Buddha wasn't Greek.   OMG!! I used to be SOOOOOOO popular with the local ladies!!! THen I got ad-blocker   How do you get kicked out of the Boy-scouts? Eating a brownie.   Bill Gates Went To A Restaurant And Paid A 2 Tip, The Waiter Remarked: "Your son gave 100, but you're only giving 2?" Bill Gates: "He's the son of a billionaire, I'm the son of a farmer."   What do they call a dildo in Ireland? A Shamcock!   Poor old fool Poor Old fool, thought the well-dressed gentleman as he watched an old man fish in a puddle outside a pub. So he invited the old man inside for a drink. As they sipped their whiskeys, the gentleman thought hed humor the old man and asked, So how many have you caught today? The old man replied, Youre the eighth.   I named my new art Peach It looks pretty, but is completely useless.   I became a proud dad today. My son is four, but he acted like a whiny bitch for the first three years.   Did you hear about the play with all the frogs? It was ribbitting.   What Gun Company Was Created By Cats Mauser. I'm sorry   I asked my friend why his bike was so fast He said it was made in Kenya I'm sorry I know this makes no sense whatsoever just click the downvote and be done with it   My wife told me to go and get some pills that help with an erection... You should've seen her face when I tossed her some diet pills.   I didn't get the question on the exam wrong... I just put down an alternative answer.   I wrote several books about poltergeists. They're flying off the shelves.   What rhymes with orange. No it doesn't.   Nobody believes that I can name the Canadian Prime Minister. It's Trudeau.   My friend gave me his epi-pen as he was dying But I can't get it to sign my name to save my life either   What's an engineer's best form of birth control? His personality.   What's the difference between Taylor Swift and a stale Pepsi? The stale Pepsi won't write a song about me after I dump it.   Two Jewish Men are out for a stroll... 2 Jewish men - Abraham and Jacob - are out for a walk and notice a Catholic church with a sign "We pay 100 when you convert to Catholicism!" Abraham says: "I'm going to see what being Catholic is all about". He goes inside the church for 20 minutes, and when he returns, Jacob is waiting for him. "Have you converted?" asks Jacob "Yes, I am now Catholic" says Abraham "And did they pay you the 100?" Abraham replies "What is it with you people and your money?"   Alzheimer's isn't bad at all You get to meet new people every day! :D   I made a political joke up just now... Given the current temperature of the political climate.... Do you think we can all finally agree on climate change?   What is Michael Jackson's favorite musical key? F minor.   If I had a dollar... for everyone who thought I was unattractive, they would eventually find me attractive.   My brother just messaged me "I love my girlfriend 3". I always knew he liked them young, but that is fucking ridiculous.   What do you call a chicken staring at a lettuce? Chicken Caesar salad!   Why do squirrels swim on their backs? To keep their nuts dry.   I've already got a car, but I want to have a DeLorean as well. I would drive my first car every day, but only drive the DeLorean from time to time.   Did you hear about the deaf women getting run over by a train? Neither did she   I noticed my waitress had a black eye So I ordered very slowly because obviously she doesn't listen   My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad I had to take his bike away   The chance an American will be killed by a foreign-born refugee is 1 in 3.64 billion. Trump supporter : So you're telling me there is still a chance!   I asked my dentist if I can have some of his laughing gas. He said: "sure, knock yourself out."   What's brown and has four wheels? A turd. I was just shitting you about the wheels.   I am all for animal testing. As long as they are animal products. I don't want my dogs raincoat to be fitted for a human.   We need to revolt against the... outlets. They have all the power!   How does Link from Legend of Zelda always die? Heart complications.   Hey girl, do you live in a corn field? Because I'm stalking you.   Barbara Walters did a story on gender roles in Kabul, Afghanistan, several years before the Afghan conflict... She noted that women customarily walked five paces behind their husbands. She recently returned to Kabul and observed that women still walked behind their husbands, despite the overthrow of the oppressive Taliban regime and women seemed happy to maintain the old custom. Ms. Walters approached one of the Afghani women and asked, "Why do you still abide by an old custom, that you once tried so desperately to change?" The woman looked Ms. Walters straight in the eyes, and without hesitation said, "Land mines."   So my friends younger brother tells me... Him: Do you know what a gun that would shoot pubes sound like? Me: wtf pubes?... I don't know... Him: Pew... Pew Pew Kids these days.   My English teacher said that nothing rhymes with orange. There was a young man who had nothing, Until one day he happened upon an orange. That rhymes?   I Like My Women Like My fish Battered   My Mom made chicken soup with celery, chicken, carrots, and rice in it. I told her, "I don't want soup with Ricin!"   Yo momma so basic... ...she got a pH of 15.   Dreamed I died in an orange sea Was just a FANTA sea   I would like to be poor one day. Because being poor everyday it's hard...   Redditors are like pornstars... They're better when they're not old, but not too young.   Switzerland is a great country, with amazing views and nice people And their flag is also great, which is a huge plus.   "I will argue with you about anything. Anything at all." "No you won't." "Yeah I will"   What do you pay a British saxophonist? A tenner.   What do hillbillies and yeast have in common? They're both in bred   A priest, a rabbi and a minister are on an airplane with an interfaith youth group The plane starts to go down, and they find there are only three parachutes. "We'll take them and jump," says the minister. "But the children," cries the rabbi, "we have to save the children!" The minister snaps, "fuck the children!" The priest glances back at the terrified kids, thinks a moment, and asks, "Do we have time?"   And the bartender said... "We don't serve time travellers". A time traveller walked into the bar. Saw this in a comment can't find it now, thought I share here.   A Mexican walked into a bar. He was renowned for being a bad drunk, but at the same time, he couldn't help getting tipsy once in a while. He had five shots, and was already losing it. A woman came and sat beside him before he pushed her off the stool and stabbed her right in the chest because 'this senore is smelling of ginger'. He soon realised what he did, and walked out of the shop. Everybody else in the bar was too scared for their lives to call the police. When he got home, a little less drunk, his wife immediately asked him upon looking at his bloody shirt, 'Again, Jose? I thought we agreed on no more strong alcohols.' 'I'm so sorry, Julia,' he replied. 'I had tequila.'   What's the difference between China and Oceania? One spies on its citizens, uses torture, spreads false propaganda, and won't stop fighting with its neighbors. The other is something Orwell put in a book   A crossfitter, a vegan, and a trump supporter walk into a bar I only know because they told everyone who was there.   We should switch to the hexadecimal number system already. And I have a good reasons why.   Why are there no teams named after a dog in the NFL? They would get beaten by Michael Vick   Knock knock jokes. Don't upvote, I just need a good punchline quick. Please help.   Request Meta-jokeanti-joke through explanation I understand this might be the wrong sub to ask this, but I figured rjokes would be able to help me. I'm looking for a specific type of joke or style of comedy that focuses on explaining the joke in a removed and almost satirical manner. The original joke doesn't even have to be that funny, the focus is the emotionless explanation of it afterward (i.e. why it should be funny from a societal standpoint, how it uses different societal tropes, breaking it down from a psychological perspective, etc.). I feel like it is more common among students or professors commenting on the analytical nature of academia. If someone could point me in the right direction that would be much appreciated!   How many Germans does it take to change a light bulb? One Germans are efficient have no humor.   Daughters vibrator A mother was walking down the hall when she heard a humming sound coming from her daughter's bedroom. When she opened the door she found her daughter naked on the bed with a vibrator. What are you doing?" she exclaimed. The daughter replied, "I'm 35 and still living at home with my parents and this is the closest I'll ever get to a husband." Later that week the father was in the kitchen and heard a humming sound coming from the basement. When he went downstairs, he found his daughter naked on the sofa with her vibrator. "What are you doing?" he exclaimed. The daughter replied, "I'm 35 and still living at home with my parents and this is the closest I'll ever get to a husband." A couple of days later the mother heard the humming sound again, this time in the living room. In there, she found her husband watching the Super Bowl on television with the vibrator buzzing away beside him. "What are you doing?" she exclaimed. He replied............"Watching the game with my son-in-law."   What do you call an honest capitalist? A small time robber   I feel like a man trapped in a horse's body. It sucks being a centaur.   I saw two women in a passionate conversation. "How on earth did he get between them?" I overheard one of them say. I said, "I guess the 't' and 'm' made room."   Did you know that the mascot of scientology is a horse? Because it's a colt.   A prison decides to renovate its showers An ageing prison facility is constantly beset by long queues for the shower area, which the managers decide to do something about because having all the prisoners together in one area outside of their cells might get nasty. So they look into the problem, and realise that, although the showers themselves are fast enough, the prisoners actually spend a suspiciously long amount of time drying themselves - causing another possible security threat. The managers then hit on the idea of installing a sort of drying cubicle next to the shower, where each prisoner would enter, be assailed by strong blasts of air from all directions, and be fully dry within half a minute, thus leaving them with no excuse to loiter in the shower. So they install these drying boxes for the prisoners, and at first they seem to be a great success. However, although the machines worked, they were so powerful that they caused a lot of noise, even from outside of the boxes, and - this is important - the noise could be heard in the managers' offices. So the managers decided to find another solution, and remove the drying machines, because they couldn't do any work with that cacophony happening every evening. When the technician eventually arrives at the prison to remove the machines, he seems rather reluctant for some reason, but the managers insist he does the deed. However, the moment they are disconnected, there's a massive electricity failure throughout the entire complex, leading to all the prisoners escaping due to lack of electric security systems. Of course, the managers are outraged, and start shouting at the technician: "What the hell did you do? I told you to remove those damn drying boxes, not let all the inmates escape!" The technician says, calmly, "I thought you knew what would happen if those drying machines were removed..." This does nothing to assuage the managers' anger, and they keep demanding an explanation as to why they should have know that there would be a power cut. After several minutes of argument, they finally get one. "Don't you remember?", says the technician. "The mighty con drier is the powerhouse of the cell..."   Waldo is being interviewed by the press at the Super Bowl. Waldo, how much did you pay for your ticket? Did you get a good seat? Where will you be sitting to watch the game? "I'm just here so I won't get found."   British scientists have demonstrated that cigarettes can harm your children Fair enough, use an ashtray.   A woman walks into Walmart She's wearing very dirty clothes, smells bad and looks like she is in a horrible situation. She has 2 kids who look worse in her shopping cart The store clerk says: Wow, are they twins? Woman: No you idiot, they obviously look 2 years apart. Clerk: Oh, they don't look alike. I just couldn't believe you had sex twice.   Yo moms pussy is so bushy It did 911   My friend gave me his Epi-Pen while he was dying. I guess he just really wanted me to have it as a last wish...   How do you get down from an elephant? ... You don't. You get down from a goose!   When a fly drops 5 inches A fly flies back and forth over a river repeatedly, dropping five inches each time. A fish sees it and decides it will jump and catch it when it drops. A bear sees the fish and decides it will get the fish when it jumps. A hunter with a cheese sandwich in his pocket sees the bear and waits for it to go for the fish to shoot it. A mouse sees the cheese sandwich and decides to wait for the hunter to shoot so that the sandwich will fall and he can get it. A cat sees the mouse and decides to wait for it to go for the sandwich to jump and catch it. So, the fly drops, the fish jumps, the bear goes for it, the hunter shoots, the sandwich falls, the mouse goes for it, and the cat jumps, but he misses and goes into the water. The moral of the story: when the fly drops five inches, the pussy gets wet.   What did the mathematician say when she squared i? Shit just got real.   My doctor used two fingers during my prostate exam... He said he needed a second opinion.   A man walks into a bar ... ... and tells the bartender, "Quick! Give me a shot of whiskey before the trouble starts!" The bartender pours the drink, patron downs it, looks around, and repeats, "Quick! Give me another shot before the trouble starts!". This goes on again and again for 9 more shots. Finally the bartender asks, "When is the trouble going to start?" The man says, "When you find out I don't have any money."   My sexually ambiguous child just handed me some money. It was a trans-action.   Kim Jong Un is like a Penis shaped potato. He's a little Dick-Tater.   Isis bumper sticker I'd rather be heading.   I'd love to watch 48 Hours But it would be Monday by the time it's finished and ain't nobody got time for that.   What do apes call sunbathing? Orangutanning.   I went for a job interview today... "Describe yourself in one word." "Indecisive, maybe. I'm not sure."   Hey I just met you, And this is crazy, I have Alzheimer's, Hey I just met you.   I got into a car accident just now. My wife and children are dead and I'm not doing too well myself. Luckily, it only hurts when I laugh. HahaHahaahahahaha. Hahahahahaha. Hahahahahahaha.   Mother: Son, your teacher told me you've been swearing in school Boy: Mom, do you believe everything that fucking bitch says?   Hillary Clinton is starting her own Television show. It was going to be called The Biggest Loser but that was taken so she is going with The Biggest Liar.   When I was in college, my roommates would have sex with anything that moved. I never felt the need to limit myself that much.   What is it called what a man goes down on a woman in a bar? A pub.lic display of affection   What do you call a deer with no eyes? No ideer What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? Still no ideer   How do you become a millionaire with horses? You start as a billionaire.   I discovered my wife in bed with another man, and I was crushed. So I said, "get off me you two!"   Did you hear about the guy who made an outfit out of super glue? It was hard to pull off.   How do you keep an idiot worried for a day? I'll tell you first thing tomorrow   What do you call a carabao who can climb a tree? Awesome!!!   This is my step ladder. I never knew my real ladder.   Death and My Dad I want to die peacefully and in my sleep like my father did, not screaming in terror like his passengers.   I want to die peacefully in sleep, just like my father. Not screaming in horror like passengers in his bus.   Donald Trump Worst joke I ever told.   My mother was in a car crash but luckily she was okay... WAS okay, she's dead now.   How do you find Ronald McDonald at a nude beach? He's got sesame seed buns   A man had his credit card stolen... However, he decided not to report it because the thief was spending less than his wife did.   Don't you hate it when you think of something funny to post and... you forget to reddit down.   What do you call a rain of strategy games? A Tropico storm   I asked my girlfriend if we could have sex tonight. She said she wants to remain a virgin until her wedding night...butt fuck it.   People take so much for granted. Like punchlines.   Why Do Lesbians Like Cats So Much? Because a dog is a man's best friend.   How many planets are there? Guy: How many planets are there? Girl: 8 Guy: Wrong, 7 after I destroy uranus   What did the clock do after night left him? He was in mourning.   Violence is the only option. Unless a mosquito lands on your dick, then it's a hostage situation.   What does a good carpenter and a 20 years old girl have in common? No wood gets wasted   I write my mistresses' phone numbers on the rear view mirror. I know my wife would never think to look there.   My Ex Girlfriend was getting beaten up at a bus stop by 5 guys, so as a human being I had to step in and help.... She didn't stand a chance against the 6 of us   Why do the newly rich like to buy Rolex watches? To know when it is time for a new wife.   If I had a dollar... For every time I disappointed my family, I would have enough to make them proud.   What's worse than finding a worm in your apple? Finding half a worm in your apple.   People here take so much for granted. If you took away someone's car, house and clothes, They'd have nothing. But if you did the same to someone from one of the poorest countries, they'd probably still have aids.   Mr. President, two brazillian soldiers died in our military strike in Yemen. "Oh my god... Do we have to file for bankruptcy already?"   I let a pasta chef borrow my car He returned it all denty.   Why are blonde jokes so short? So men can remember them.   What's the best thing about dating a feminist? When you go out for dinner you only have to pay for your half!   Jesus may have been offended Elderly couple in church during Easter mass. Wife turns to husband and says, "I have just done a silent fart, what should I do?" Husband says, "put new batteries in your hearing aid!"   Anal with my girlfriend makes my whole day But it makes her hole weak   Time Machine What do we want? Time machine! When do we want it? Doesn't matter!   I'm working on my second Billion dollars. My first billion didn't work out so I've moved on to my second.   I attempted suicide today Won't ever do that again, I almost killed myself   How many contractors does it take to screw in a light blub? None, it's a union job.   A Young Blond Suspects A Affair A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a gun shop and buys a handgun. The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead. She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head. The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. Hysterically the blonde responds to the husband, ''Shut up...you're next!''   If I had a dollar for every time someone over 40 told me my generation sucks... Then I could afford a house in the economy they ruined.   Did you know Obama was from Hawaii Kenya believe it?   I took my Indian friend to a Persian restaurant He said the pita was second to naan.   I come off confident and cocky cause i call my dick life. But really its cause life is short.   By accident, I wore my son's shirt to work today. It was a bit tight under the arms. Guess I should have taken his arms out of it before I put it on.   How did the deaf man get his hearing back? His wife slapped a fifth sense into him.   What kind of bee gives you immortality? A Zom-bee!!!   What do you call a Muslim entering America? Same as every other person, a tourist   So a bartender says, "We don't serve time travelers in here!" A time traveler walks into a bar.   An eagerly-awaited cook book "Cooking with Herbs" finally released! It's about thyme.   What's it called when you mix champagne with orange juice at breakfast? Alcoholism   Did you see the new "American Tail" movie with Donald Trump in it? Fievel goes back to Russia.   On a scale of 0 to 1, I think I'm two funny!... Well maybe, on a scale of 0 to 1, I'm nought funny.   Police: Where do u live? Police: Where do u live? Me: With my parents. Police: Where do your parents live? Me: With Me. Police: Where do you all live? Me: Together. Police: Where is your house? Me: Next to my neighbors house. Police: Where is your neighbors house? Me: You won't believe me if I tell you. Police: Tell Me! Me: Next to my house.   Fell asleep at a house party last night and someone put a teabag in my mouth, I went fucking mental... No one treats me like a mug   I heard Beyonce is having twins... !RemindMe 18 years   A jew, christian, and muslim all walk into a bar... the muslim explodes   A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair, A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a gun shop and buys a handgun. The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead. She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head. The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. Hysterically the blonde responds to the husband, ''Shut up...you're next!''   Rory Schlein, the Australian speedway racer, was seriously hurt while driving into a closed gate at a racetrack. Right before he hit the gate, he and his crew chief were tossing terrible jokes back and forth over the radio. Rory was talking about people lining up haphazardly to get hit in the face when his crew chief yelled, "That's not open Schlein!"   What do Donald Trump's toupee and a thong have in common They both barely cover an asshole.   So my drug dealer sold me a pair of shoes. I don't know what he laced them with, but I'm tripping.   A man walks into a balloon store. The storekeeper asks, "What can I get for you today?" The man says, "I'm looking for some Patriots themed balloons for my Super Bowl party." The storekeeper looks at him for a second, then says, "Sorry, those are all deflated."   An F5 tornado went through Arkansas last week... It did 150 million worth of improvements.   The perfect clinic A man is driving down a road an sees a sign for a clinic that says " we cure all diseases for 500, and if we can't we give you 500" the man is Interested and goes in. When he's with the doctor he tells him " doctor I can't taste anything" the doctor responds by saying "nurse give this man 2 cups of solution A" the man drinks it and says " this tastes like piss" the doctor replies by saying "that'll be 500" the man angered pays and leaves. At home the man decides to go again to get his money back. He tells the doctor this time " doctor I can't remember anything" the doctor responds by Saying " nurse give this man 2 cups of solution A" the patient responds by saying " hey that's piss I'm not drinking that again" the doctor says " that'll be 500" the man furious pays and leaves. The man determined to get his money back returns for a third time and tells the doctor " doctor I'm blind and can't see" the doctor does the usual routine, and the patient drinks it and says he's still blind. The doctor than pulls 5 and says " here's the money" the man replies " this is only five dollars you still owe me 495" to this the doctor replies " that'll be 500"   They say sex doesn't count until you're two inches in So I'll be a virgin forever   Genetic engineering now allows parents to select the eye color of their children. More great work from the University of Josef Mengele.   The European Vacation Bob Hill and his new wife Betty were vacationing in Europe, as it happens, near Transylvania. They were driving in a rental car along a rather deserted highway. It was late, and raining very hard. Bob could barely see 20 feet in front of the car. Suddenly the car skids out of control! Bob attempts to control the car, but to no avail! The car swerves and smashes into a tree. Moments later, Bob shakes his head to clear the fog. Dazed, he looks over at the passenger seat and sees his wife unconscious, with her head bleeding! Despite the rain and unfamiliar countryside, Bob knows he has to carry her to the nearest phone. Bob carefully picks his wife up and begins trudging down the road. After a short while, he sees a light. He heads towards the light, which is coming from an old, large house. He approaches the door and knocks. A minute passes. A small, hunched man opens the door. Bob immediately blurts, "Hello, my name is Bob Hill, and this is my wife Betty. We've been in a terrible accident, and my wife has been seriously hurt. Can I please use your phone??" "I'm sorry," replied the hunchback, "but we don't have a phone. My master is a Doctor; come in and I will get him!" Bob brings his wife in. An elegant man comes down the stairs. "I'm afraid my assistant may have misled you. I am not a medical doctor; I am a scientist. However, it is many miles to the nearest clinic, and I have had a basic medical training. I will see what I can do. Igor, bring them down to the laboratory." With that, Igor picks up Betty and carries her downstairs, with Bob following closely. Igor places Betty on a table in the lab. Bob collapses from exhaustion and his own injuries, so Igor places Bob on an adjoining table. After a brief examination, Igor's master looks worried. "Things are serious, Igor. Prepare a transfusion." Igor and his master work feverishly, but to no avail. Bob and Betty Hill are no more. The Hills' deaths upset Igor's master greatly. Wearily, he climbs the steps to his conservatory, which houses his grand piano. For it is here that he has always found solace. He begins to play, and a stirring, almost haunting, melody fills the house. Meanwhile, Igor is still in the lab tidying up. His eyes catch movement, and he notices the fingers on Betty's hand twitch. Stunned, he watches as Bob's arm begins to rise! He is further amazed as Betty sits straight up! Unable to contain himself, he dashes up the stairs to the conservatory. He bursts in and shouts to his master: "Master, Master! ... The Hills are alive with the sound of music!   I had an idea for a movie plot. A retired CIA agent searches for his kidnapped daughter in Paris, but it turns out that idea was taken. I had another idea for one where the same agent is kidnapped with his wife in Istanbul, but it turns out that one was taken too.   USSR- United States Snowflakes Retards.   How do you create a hipster? Give a homeless guy an iPhone.   Teacher: If you have 52 watermelons in one hand, and 43 apples in the other, you give 7 fruits to your friend, what do you have? Student: A friend   A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer ...than the men who mention it.   A pirate goes to a doctor... A pirate goes to a doctor, worried that the moles on his back might be cancerous. The doctor inspects them. "It's ok," he says. "They're benign." The pirate replies "Check 'em again matey, I think there be at least ten!"   3 President to Heaven George Bush , Barack Obama Donald Trump are going for a job interview with God God asks Bush " " What do you believe in ? " Bush answers ga ' ' I believe in the free market , fighting evil at the battle front the strong American nation ! " God is impressed by Bush tells him ( " Great , come sit on the chair on my right " Next , God asks Obama , " What do you believe in ? " Obama answers 4 ) " I believe in the power of democracy , helping the poor , world peace , and promoting that men of all colors are no different " God is really impressed by Obama tells him " Well done , come sit on the chair on my left . Finally , God asks Trump . " What do you believe in ? " .. Trump answers " I believe you 're sitting on my chair . "   Two cannibals are eating Carlos Mencia. One of them turns to the other and says, "Hey, didn't we see this joke yesterday?"   My wife treats me like God, she ignores me until she wants something   How does a Trump supporter fit 50,000 books in their living room? In the fireplace.   I know that Jesus was black Because he was carpenter yet you never heard about him building anything   Why do so many blues musicians come from Korea? Theres a lot of Seoul   What did the oceans say to eachother? Nothing, they just waved.   A man sits down next to a lady reading a newspaper by the window on a bus... He can't help himself and has to fart so he does his best to sneak it out. He glances over and she doesn't seem to notice. Relieved, he decides to attempt light conversation. "Are you done with that newspaper?" he asked. She replied "No, but next tree we pass, I'll grab you some leaves".   How does a chemistry teacher pick up girls? "Hey baby, wanna head back to my place and form a covalent bond?"   How many Freudians does it take to change a light bulb? Two One to screw in the lightbulb and 1 to hold the Cock Edit: Father Edit2: Ladder   What's the difference between and out law and an in law? Outlaws are wanted.   Why can't t-rex clap their hands? Because they're all dead.   An introvert walks into a bar... Then immediately walks out because fuck that shit.   Hooters Hooters is known for two things......boobs   A bear was taking a dump in the forest when a rabbit hopped by... The bear asked the rabbit, "Does poop stick to your fur?" The rabbit said, "Yes, but it washes out easily enough." So the bear picked him up and wiped his butt with him. Then the rabbit fainted.   Hey buddy do you want to see the game this Sunday? Puts on 1997 movie "The Game" by David Fincher   A man is waiting for a bus, when he sees a blonde across the street digging a hole... ...and another blonde immediately filling the hole back in with dirt. He watches as they move up the street doing this over and over again. The first blonde digs a hole, and the second one fills the dirt right back in. After a few minutes, he decides to ask them "excuse me, what are you ladies doing?" "We're working" the first blonde replies. "Just the two of you?" He inquires. "Well" the second blonde chimes in, "there's usually three of us, but the girl that plants the trees called out sick"   Two old women on a plane and sitting next to each other Two old women on a plane sitting next to each other one black the other white. Black:What would you do if the plane were to fall out of the sky and crash? White:I would put on my best clothes and all my most expensive looking jewelery Black: what! why? White: because they rescue the rich white women first. What about you? Black: Id strip down naked White: What! why? Black: because they rescue the black box first.   When in doubt ... Wife : I doubt my husband has been cheating on me.... I have doubt on one woman we both know.... What to do? Shrink: Take your husband to that woman's doorstep and see if his wi-fi connects automatically.   Long A merman named Mike is working as a bodyguard for some celebrity's huge undersea party. He is informed that there is some merman here plotting to kill the celebrity, and watches everybody with suspicion. Soon, he is allowed a break while another bodyguard fills in, and on this break he meets a beautiful mermaid. "Hello." she says rather shyly. "Enjoying the party?" "I suppose," Mike says. "I don't get to enjoy much of it as a bodyguard though." "Well that's fine. Maybe we could chat for a while until your break's over." And so they did. It was a fairly long conversation, and they kept talking and talking about a lot of stuff until the mermaid said she had to go. After giving Mike her number, she swims out of the door in a hurry. Mike's break is over soon after that, and he returns only to find the celebrity dead, the bodyguard dead, and the beautiful mermaid standing over them with a pistol. She aims the pistol at Mike. "Just one last thing before I die- why?" asks Mike. "I heard it was a merman plotting to assassinate the celebrity." "And you heard right." the mermaid said with a laugh. She tore off her wig, lowered her voice, and cackled once more. "It was all a disguise." said the merman assassin. I guess that assassin wasn't all he was maid up to be.   Bowling Green Massacre jokes are in bad taste Show some respect for the victims!   Apple has now turned to medical accessories!! their first product is the Ipatch!   What's the difference between Donald Trump and a baby polar bear? It will be a year before the baby polar bear kills its first seal.   Trump is walking around the White House lawn after the first snowfall as president... On the south lawn he sees that someone has written "Trump Sucks!" in pee in the snow. Thin-skinned as he is, he's furious and calls a staff meeting to investigate who did it. After two days, his investigation team tells him that they have good news and bad news. The good news was that they found the culprit and it was Obama. The bad news was that it was in Melania's handwriting.   I have a girlfriend but.... "But what?" "She's in another nation" "Which one?" "Imagination"   What's the difference between 3 dicks and a joke? Your mom can't take a joke.   What kind of pants does a scientist wear? A pair of genes.   Why can't you wear 'Y' fronts in Russia? Because Chernobyl fall out.   What did the hurricane say to the coconut tree? Hold your nuts this is no ordinary blowjob!   Yes, Ive lost to my computer at chess... But it turned out to be no match for me at kickboxing.   Why do people never eat clocks? Because its really time consuming.   My son got hold of my autobiography and threw the pages all around the house. I really need to sort my life out.   Short gun story A man walked into a crowded bar waving his unholstered pistol and yelled, "I have a colt 45 model 1911 with a seven round magazine plus one in the chamber and I want to know who is sleeping with my wife!" A voice yelled from the back of the bar, "You're gonna need more ammo!"   If I ever go missing, you should put my picture on beer rather than milk bottles... This way, my friends will find me faster.   In Trumps America he's not Aladdin He's Aladout   Job interview in a psychiatry... So youre interested in working with us. What is your experience with mentally disturbed people? Ive been on Facebook for 5 years now. Very good, the job is yours.   What perches on your computer and says "Pieces of seven, pieces of seven"? A parity error   My friends asked me to impersonate a lion. It was a roaring success.   I've spilt paint. It's a dyer situation.   A software engineer walks into a bar. He sits down and sees the bartender yelling at the computer when trying to process a customer's order. "Why are you yelling at the computer?" the engineer asks. "Nothing is working! The software on the computer is riddled with bugs!" responds the bartender. The engineer takes a look at the computer and notices the software it is running was actually written by himself a few years earlier. Immediately, he gets offended. "Those aren't bugs!" the engineer yelled. "Those are alternative features!"   Have you ever pissed in the shower? "Have you ever pissed in the shower?" my girlfriend asked, a little embarrassed I said "I don't like to admit it but yes.. I have," "That's Fucking disgusting!!" she exclaimed "well these things happen when you're talking a shit!!"   The neighbours kept me up last night because they were having sex into the early hours of the morning. I would have asked my wife to knock on their door, but she was out playing tennis with her friends.   I was gunna write the great American nursing home romance novel... ....but the title "50 Shades of Grey" was already taken.   Whats the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms? Ones a Goodyear. The others a great year.   Porn is so unrealistic Just took a shower with my girlfriend..... And stood in the corner freezing for 20 minutes handing her different shampoos.   Whats the difference between anal and oral sex? Oral sex makes your day. Anal makes your hole weak.   How many wizards does it take to change a lightbulb? Six. One Slytherin to break it. One Gryffindor to volunteer to change it. Three Hufflepuffs to hold the ladder to ensure the safety of the Gryffindor student. And one Ravenclaw to point out that they could have just used magic in the first place.   A blonde walks in on her boyfriend cheating on her She pulls out a gun and says: I'm done with you! Boyfriend: Calm down, calm down. We can settle this with words. The blonde puts the gun to her head Boyfriend: What do you think you're doing? Blonde: Don't worry, you're next.   A day before his 15th birthday the son of a wealthy family was asked by his father, "Well my son, what would you like for your birthday?" The son hesitated a moment and his father's thoughts leapt ahead to a new computer and similar things. However, his son had had a new computer only recently and could have a new one any time he wished. Finally, the son said, "Father, I have everything a boy could wish for, but there is one thing I would really like. I would love to have a pink ping pong ball." The father was rather astonished at this wish, but said, "If it is a pink ping pong ball that you want, a pink ping pong ball you shall have." And so, the next day, the son was given as his bithday present a pink ping pong ball. The boy took the ball to his room and the next morning the pink ping pong ball was gone. The father was mildly surprised but decided not to say anything. The pink ping pong ball, however, was never seen again. The next year, a day before his 16th birthday, the father asked his son what he would like for his birthday. "Father," replied the son, "I have everything a boy could possibly wish for, but there is one thing I would really, really like. I would love to have a tenpack of pink ping pong balls." The father was more surprised than the year before, but kept his curiosity at bay, for he knew that his son had a right for privacy. he said therefore, "If it is a tenpack of pink ping pong balls that you want, a tenpack of pink ping pong balls you shall have." And so, the next day, the son was given as his birthday present a tenpack of pink ping pong balls. The boy took the tenpack of balls to his room and the next morning, not a single ball remained, merely the empty husk of the tenpack. The father wondered where ten pink ping pong balls might disappear to, but decided not to say anything. The pink ping pong balls, however, were never seen again. The next year, a day before his 17th birthday, the son was asked by his father what he would like for his birthday. "Father," said the son to this, "I have everything a boy could wish for, but one thing would make my happiness complete. I would dearly want a carton of pink ping pong balls." The father was beyond surprise, but decided to make sure he had not misheard. "A carton of pink ping pong balls?" "A carton of pink ping pong balls," the boy confirmed. "I can't understand your fascination with pink ping pong balls," said the father, "but if it is a carton of pink ping pong balls that you want, it is a carton of pink ping pong balls that you shall have." And so, the next day, the boy was given as his birthday present a carton of pink ping pong balls. The boy was delighted and took the carton to his room. The next day, miraculously (as if by magic, even) the pink ping pong balls had all disappeared. "Dear son," said the father, "I must ask now, what do you do with all those pink ping pong balls?" The son, however, was reluctant to tell him. "Please humour me, dear father." The carton of pink ping pong balls, however, was never seen again. The next year, it was clear that the son would get a car, but the father felt that, perhaps, his son also had some other wish apart from the obvious. So, one day before the son's 18th birthday, the father asked him whether he had a special wish for his birthday. "Dearest father," the son started, "I have everything a young man could possibly want, but there is one craving in me. I would, more than anything, want a warehouse full of pink ping pong balls." One of these years, his father thought, I should get to the bottom of this. However, he decided to humour his son's wish. At least he had been wise enough to buy shares in a pink ping pong ball factory. The next day, the son was given the address of a warehouse where all his new pink ping pong balls were stored. The son was delighted and decided to spend the next night in the warehouse rather than at home. The following morning, the son stepped out of the warehouse, but it seemed to be empty otherwise. The father had a closer look and indeed, apart from empty cardboard boxes, nothing was left inside the warehouse. No pink ping pong balls were left. The following year, one day before the son's 19th birthday, the father braced himself for another warehouse of pink ping pong balls. He asked his son what his deepest desire was and he had not been entirely wrong. "Father, you have made me very happy these last years and this year I ask of you a shipload of pink ping pong balls if at all possible." It was possible, if only because the father had by now bought each and every factory of pink ping pong balls in the country. The next day, the father took his son to the harbour and showed him a huge tanker and told his son that there were millions, billions, trillions of pink ping pong balls in there. "Father," the son said, "You've made me very happy yet again." That night, the son spent on board the tanker. The next morning, not a single of the pink ping pong balls could be found, but the son was happy. A few days before his 20th birthday, however, the son had a terrible road accident and was taken to the hospital. His father visited the young man in hospital. "My dear son! Can I bring you anything to make you feel better?" Weakly, the son sat up in bed. "Father, dearest father, grant me this wish; just one tenpack of pink ping pong balls." The father held his son's hand tightly. "Whatever you wish my son, but I have to give you one condition. Even if it may be embarrassing, I must know what you did with all those pink ping pong balls." "Very well, father, but please indulge me first. I will tell you whatever you wish to know after you have given me the ten pink ping pong balls." The father thought that was fair enough and the next day brought his son the ten asked for pink ping pong balls. The son smiled weakly but seemed too weak to talk. "Son, I leave these pink ping pong balls with you and shall come back tomorrow to ask of you what you have done with all those pink ping pong balls." The son nodded weakly. The next day, less than surprisingly, no pink ping pong balls could be found in the son's hospital room. "Now, my dearest son, apple of my eye, treasure of my life, please tell me what you did with all those pink ping pong balls," the father requested. The son nodded and the father gripped his hand tighter. "I-" the son started and sat up a bit, swallowing with a dry mouth. "I- I-" Then he died.   Hillary Clinton is getting her own video game. Left 4 Dead: Benghazi   Why do vegetarians give good head? Because theyre used to eating nuts.   My roommate claims I'm schizophrenic. We'll show him.   An old man is met by his attorney... ...and is told he is going to be audited. He rides to the IRS office with his attorney, and when he gets there, he begins to talk with the IRS agent. "I bet 2,000 I can bite my own eye!" The IRS agent agrees to the bet, believing it an impossible task. The old man laughs, pulls out his glass eye, and bites it. The IRS agent is dumbfounded. The old man bets 3,000 he can bite his other eye. The IRS agent knows there's no way possible to do this, so he once more agrees. The old man cackles, pulls out his dentures, and bites his eye. "I bet 20,000 I can stand on the far side of your desk, pee over the desk, and get it into your wastebasket, without missing a single drop" the old man wagered. The agent knows he won't be able to, so once more he agrees. The old man indeed misses, peeing all over the desk, and on the paperwork. The IRS agent jumps for joy, but then notices the attorney over in the corner moaning. "Are you all right?" asks the agent. "No! On the way over here, he bet me 400,000 he could pee on your desk and you'd be happy about it!" exclaimed the attorney.   How many millennials does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, it's already lit, fam.   Why does the National Football League deserve Tax-Exempt Status even though it generated at least 9 billion in revenue last season? Because it is just as real as the other religions.   The most attractive part of Amy Schumer is.... Her Gravitational pull.   If you're a guy applying for a porn agency... Do you send headshots or headshots?   I painted my computer black to make it run faster... but it just stopped working   When i was 5 i thought the rain was god peeing How silly childish ideas can be...thinking god exists   How does a bass player pick up girls? He says "Hi I'm a guitarist"   Jose Cuervo is about to come out with a new Diet Tequila.... After the 2nd shot, every girl in the bar will look like they've lost 20 lbs.   Why was Six afraid of Seven Because Seven was a registered Six offender.   "Do one thing everyday that scares you." -Eleanor Roosevelt Today, I will fuck a cactus.   Throwing acid is wrong.. .. in some people's eyes.   How many cops does it take to change a light bulb? They just beat the room for being black.   "How long do I have to live?" "I am afraid you have a terminal illness, you only have 10 to live," said the doctor. "10 what, days, weeks, months?" "Nine"   What would happen if Hungary invaded and conquered Turkey? A new kingdom would be formed known as full.   I want to be a millionaire just like my dad!! Wow, your dads a millionaire? No, but he always wanted to be.   two mice chewing on a filmrole..one of them goes.." i think the book was better".. two mice chewing on a filmrole..one of them goes.." i think the book was better"..   I can't get WiFi on my phone Did Tech Support for an ISP Customer: "I can't get WiFi on my phone" TS : does routine checks, remote login to router, etc.... TS : "All looks OK here. Can't see your phone connected to the router though I can see a computer and a TV box connected on Wi-Fi. Any errors on the phone?" Customer: "It looks OK. It worked fine yesterday" TS : does a bit more digging - can't see a problem TS : "can you move closer to the router?" Customer: "I'm in Spain on holidays - the router is back home, would that make a difference?"   Beyonce has more black people inside her than. Donald trumps cabinet.   they say we learn from our mistakes thats why i am making as many as possible soon i will be a genius.. they say we learn from our mistakes thats why i am making as many as possible soon i will be a genius..   What's the difference between a good joke and a bad joke timing   I wanted to start a business selling premium dildos, but I think I can't compete with Apple selling overpriced stuff for assholes.   Yo momma so stupid... ... She didn't realize this was a repost!   Wanna hear a joke about sodium? Na   Wife : I'm leaving you! Wife : I'm leaving you Me : Why?! Wife : You lie to me constantly! Me : Ha! You don't just leave the man who invented the spatula, Amber!   What should you do if your xbox 360 gets the red ring of death? Buy a PS3   The Bartender and the boy A man entered the bar to enjoy a drink when suddenly he saw a small boy enters the bar. The bartender said to the man. "hey, watch this" The man watches as the boy approaches the bartender and the bartender showed something on each hand. On his left was a 1 bill while the other hand shows a 10 bill. The boy grabs the 1 bill and left the bar. The bartender chuckled and says. "you see this kid? This kid never learns! Hes been doing the same thing for three months! What a dumb kid" The man soon finishes his drink, paid and left the bar. Outside the bar he saw the same kid buying an ice cream. He decided to approach and ask the little boy. "hey kid, why did you take the 1 bill instead of the 10?" The boy just looks at him and say. "mister, if i take the 10 bill he wouldnt give me anymore money!"   Why do the T-Rex often have trouble high-fiving? Because they're dead.   I asked my wife what we were having for dinner tonight She said, "well firstly,. Going to boil some potatoes. Then I'm going to cook the chicken in the oven." "Delicious", I said, "what else?". "Then I'm going to roast some vegetables and pour us a nice glass of red wine." Slightly confused, I asked, "That sounds lovely darling. One thing though..." "...I didn't realise you enjoyed doing that kind of thing?" "What kind of thing dear?" "Well, it seems a bit wrong, for our dinner entertainment, to take the piss out of disabled people..." Badumshhhh Sorry, I know that sucked ball bags, I just thought of it and tried to make a joke out of it. Gotta try huh?   A college professor asks all of his students to yell out stereotypes for a class project For a class project, a college professor asks all of his students to brainstorm and yell out different kinds of stereotypes. "All blonde girls are dumb!" yells a boy in the back. "Sony!" Yells the blonde girl in the front.   After my girlfriend got pregnant, After my girlfriend got pregnant, everything changed. My address, my job, my phone number...   A new harbour master... A new harbour master decided to send a toll man to a Russian ship and he told him "Be sure to be thorough they usually hide a lot of vodka" Amazingly the toll man didn't find anything. But 5 days later the ship still hadn't moved so he called the captain to see what the problem was. "Well your toll man looked everywhere so we had to throw the vodka out the windows and now we are stuck on a mountain of glass."   What language does furniture speak? Forniture Polish.   Past, Present and Future all walk into the bar at the same time... ... it was tense   A guy was standing on a roof of a Hotel and threatened to Jump! I Yelled "Do A Flip" I am now Fired from the Suicide Watch...   Have you heard about the terrorists from Hoth? They call themselves Ice-IS!   bathroom joke How long a minutes is, depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.   Why was the hay upset? Because the straw was about to bale   A teenage boy was delivering papers A teenage boy was delivering papers to an apartment house. While there, a stunning young woman came out of the apartment next to the mailboxes wearing only a robe. The boy smiled at the young woman and she started up a conversation with him. As they talked, her robe slipped open, and it was obvious that she had nothing else on. The poor kid broke into a sweat trying to maintain eye contact. After a few minutes of flirting, she placed her hand on his arm and said, "Let's go to my apartment, I hear someone coming." He followed her into her apartment; she closed the door and leaned against it, allowing her robe to fall off completely. Now nude, she purred at him, "What would you say is my best feature?" Flustered and embarrassed, he finally squeaked, "It has to be your ears." Astounded, and a little hurt she asked, "My ears? Look at these breasts; they are a full 38 inches and 100 percent natural. I work out every day and my ass is firm and solid. I have a 28 inch waist. Look at my skin, not a blemish anywhere, how can you say the best part of my body is my ears?" Clearing his throat, he stammered, "Outside when you heard someone coming... that was me"   This is the 21st century. Where deleting history is more important than creating history.   I asked my dad yesterday if he knew how to ruin a good joke.... He fainted.   At work tonight a woman stopped me and asked "Bathroom?" I replied, "No, my name is Chase, but you can piss on my face if you'd like."   Never ask the Secretary of State for directions. All he'll tell you to do is trun right and trun left. ( )   My dad was trembling when I told him my brother and I had gotten jobs as valets. I guess he really didn't like the idea of having parking sons.   A Woody Joke What wood happen if you had a Wooden Car With Wooden Seats Wooden Tires And A Wooden Engine? It Wooden't Start   A bowlegged doe comes walking out of the woods... And says thats the last time I do that for ten bucks   What do you have when you have two little green balls in the palm of your hand?? Kermits undivided attention!   What's the diffrence between a hormone and an enzym? I can make an enzym, but I can't make a hormone   Not sure who this "OP" person is, but it seems like every guy on reddit has slept with his mom.   Did you hear about the man with no arms and no legs? The doctor said he would be arsing around for the rest of his life   the husband said to his wife... husband honey call the plumber the toilet is stopped up again wife wtf! how did it happen again? husband how do you think it happened wife well I am not calling him you do it husband no you call him wife no husband call the fucking plumber wife fine when the husband came home from work his wife was fucking the plumber well that's what he asked her to do   What is the worst possible slogan for someone running for president in Germany? Make Germany great again   "Dad, what made you fall ill in Hawaii?" "Poi, son."   Measuring device. The device used to measure people's gullibility is called a Gullibilometer.   I spent last night defrosting the fridge Or "foreplay" as she used to call it   What do Canadians listen to when they go clubbing? Seal   There was a question on my math test that asked whether the slope of a line was positive or negative... I said yes   Yo mamas so fat It takes her 2 trips to haul ass!   rJokes is like America. Nothing Pro-Trump will get a popular vote.   I'm here to kiss ass and chew bubblegum. And I'm all out- wait, shit.   When Trump visited the White House before his presidency... He asked then president Obama how he managed to run two successful terms. "Simple", Obama replied, "Just get an intelligent wife" "How do I know my wife is intelligent?" Trump asked. "Just ask her intelligent questions and if she answers correctly, then you know she is intelligent". Obama then called Michelle and asked "Darling, your parents have a child, the child is neither your sister nor your brother, who is the child?" "The child is certainly me", Michelle replied. "You see!", Obama told Trump, "that is how I know my wife is intelligent." On return to his home, Trump called Melania and asked her, "Darling, your parents have a child, the child is neither your sister nor your brother, who is the child?". After serious thinking and scratching her head, Melania is unable to get the answer, she tells Trump to give her some time to think. She goes around asking all her friends but she is unable to get the answer. At the washrooms, she meets a cleaner and asks her "Your parents have a child, the child is neither your sister nor your brother, who is the child? "Simple, the cleaner replies, the child is me". Amused with herself, Melania walks to the husband and says, "I now know the answer, the child is our cleaner!" "WRONG!" Trump yells at Melania, "the child is not our cleaner, the child is Michelle Obama!"   What do you experience when you meditate inside a Turkish prison? The deep state.   What kind of swimsuit do you wear to the zoo? Zuchini   It's so easy to understand people who work at the US mint They make a lot of cents.   I felt a little behind in Middle School It was a major bummer when the cops found out :(   MY DAD.... he was the original gangster copied a million times over here goes.. his words : Last weekend I saw something at Larry's Pistol Pawn Shop that sparked my interest. The occasion was our 22nd anniversary and I was looking for a little something extra for my wife, Toni. What I came across was a 100,000-volt, pocketpurse-sized taser. The effects of the taser were suppose to be short lived, with no long-term adverse affect on your assailant, allowing her adequate time to retreat to safety.... WAY TOO COOL! Long story short, I bought the device and brought it home. I loaded two triple-a batteries in the darn thing and pushed the button. Nothing! I was disappointed. I learned, however, that if I pushed the button AND pressed it against a metal surface at the same time; I'd get the blue arch of electricity darting back and forth between the prongs. Awesome!!! Unfortunately, I have yet to explain to Toni what that burn spot is on the face of her microwave. Okay, so I was home alone with this new toy, thinking to myself that it couldn't be all that bad with only two triple-a batteries,... right? There I sat in my recliner, my cat Gracie looking on intently (trusting little soul) while I was reading the directions and thinking that I really needed to try this thing out on a flesh blood moving target. I must admit I thought about zapping Gracie (for a fraction of a second) and thought better of it. She is such a sweet cat. But, if I was going to give this thing to my wife to protect herself against a mugger, I did want some assurance that it would work as advertised. Am I wrong? So, there I sat in a pair of shorts and a tank top with my reading glasses perched delicately on the bridge of my nose, directions in one hand, taser in another. The directions said that a one-second burst would shock and disorient your assailant; a two-second burst was supposed to cause muscle spasms and a major loss of bodily control; a three-second burst would purportedly make your assailant flop on the ground like a fish out of water. Any burst longer than three seconds would be wasting the batteries. All the while I'm looking at this little device measuring about 5" long, less than 34 inch in circumference; pretty cute really and loaded with two itsy, bitsy triple-a batteries) thinking to myself, "no possible way!" What happened next is almost beyond description, but I'll do my best..... I'm sitting there alone, Gracie looking on with her head cocked to one side as to say, "don't do it master," reasoning that a one-second burst from such a tiny little ole thing couldn't hurt all that bad.... I decided to give myself a one-second burst just for the heck of it. I touched the prongs to my naked thigh, pushed the button, and HOLY MOTHER, WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION!! !!!! I'm pretty sure Jessie Ventura ran in through the side door, picked me up in the recliner, then body slammed us both on the carpet, over and over and over again. I vaguely recall waking up on my side in the fetal position, with tears in my eyes, body soaking wet, both nipples on fire, testicles nowhere to be found, with my left arm tucked under my body in the oddest position, and tingling in my legs. The cat was standing over me making meowing sounds I had never heard before, licking my face, undoubtedly thinking to herself, "do it again, do it again!" Note: If you ever feel compelled to "mug" yourself with a taser, one note of caution: there is no such thing as a one-second burst when you zap yourself. You will not let go of that thing until it is dislodged from your hand by a violent thrashing about on the floor. A three second burst would be considered conservative. SON-OF-A- ... that hurt like hell!!! A minute or so later (I can't be sure, as time was a relative thing at that point), collected my wits (what little I had left), sat up and surveyed the landscape. My bent reading glasses were on the mantle of the fireplace. How did they get up there??? My triceps, right thigh and both nipples were still twitching. My face felt like it had been shot up with Novacaine, and my bottom lip weighed 88 lbs. I'm still looking for my testicles. I'm offering a significant reward for their safe return. Still in shock...   A Freshman Seminar Professor Was Trying To Wow His Students He told them, "In the English Language, a double negative equals a positive. For example, I didn't not do it equals I did it. But no double positive in English equals a negative." A student in the back shouted, "YEAH, RIGHT!"   People say I don't have friends. They're wrong. I have 10 seasons on DVD.   What does a car do when a ram is running towards it? Dodge.   A guy walks into a bar with an ostrich... He sits down at a table and orders a meal for him and his bird. After the meal, and the check was delivered, the waitress noticed the man pulled out his wallet and dumped the exact amount of the bill onto the table plus a generous whole number tip. She was surprised but grateful so didn't mention anything. When him and his bird came in again the next night, he ordered a different meal for him and the ostrich, some drinks and a dessert to share. After the check was delivered the gentleman pulled out his wallet and dumped the exact amount of money to cover the bill and still leave a generous whole number tip. Bewildered, but not wanting to be rude, the waitress again said nothing. The third night the man came in with his ostrich once more, ordered an appetizer, some more drinks, and two more entrees different than before. The waitress brought over the check again and watched closely as the man pulled open his wallet and dumped the contents out, which as expected before, was the perfect amount. "How do you do it??" She asked, curiosity getting the best of her. "Well if you believe me, I once was trapped in the desert close to death when I stumbled upon a magic lamp. The genie inside granted me 3 wishes! My 1st wish was to get out the desert so I'd live. The 2nd was to have a wallet that would always have the exact amount of money that I need..." The waitress interrupted excitedly: "And your 3rd wish was for a magic ostrich?!" The man laughed, "No my dear, it was for a chick with long legs!"   Why does Arnold Schwarzenegger kill insects? Because he's an ex-terminator   My friend just said this... "I know I've reached my ultimate form when all I do is hit dabs in my bathroom and watch Naruto."   Mooncakes put the fat Into gong hei fat choy   Back in 2013, Beyonc did an amazing 'Lights Out' performance. So did the stadium.   Why is breakfast a prisoners favorite meal? Because he is a cereal killer.   Everything is so political nowadays I turned on nickelodeon to see Bob the builder building a wall so Dora couldn't explore.   "I don't need both, but I want both" That's what he said.   What the difference between carbon and my ex? She could form more than 4 bonds at the same time.   A female chicken wearing a tie is known to do some weird shit with tentacles. Hentai.   People keep telling me I don't have friends. That's not true, I have all 10 seasons on DVD.   When Donald Trump has sex, his female partner is always on top. Because he can only fuck up.   How did the dwarf reach the cookies on top of the fridge? He Imp-provised.   A Buddhist walks into an ice cream shop and says make me one with everything.   My dishwasher stopped working today Ironically, my dishwasher got the dishwasher in the divorce   Trump doesn't compare to universeal healthcare Bernie gets a call from Trump asking for advice. "...Ands that's why I placed the ban, in order to hide my need hand growth serum." "Even with that serum, your hands are smaller than the medical bill of the average American with my universal healthcare plan."   I was gonna make an anal joke ..Butt fuck it   Muslims say islam is the religion of peace Everyone else says they forgot the S.   Utz and Disney are teaming up to make a new snack food. They're called "Dis-Nutz".   A police officer called his station back on Radio. He was at a murder scene where an old woman shot her husband for stepping on just mopped floor. Dispatch: So was an Arrest made ? Officer: Not yet. Dispatch: ? Officer: The floor is still wet.   What time does Sean Connery like to play racquet sports? Ten-ish   She's a beautiful girl, inside and out... I know, because I've been inside her   What's the most popular kind of music in the Czech Republic? Prague Rock   A deaf man to a man on street : are you deaf? Man on the street : no, I'm deaf! First man: oh! I thought you are deaf.   I recall my first time with a condom, I was 16 or so. I went in to buy a packet of condoms at the pharmacy. There was this beautiful woman assistant behind the counter, and she could see that I was new at it. She handed me the package and asked if I knew how to wear one. I honestly answered, No, this is my first time. So she unwrapped the package, took one out and slipped it over her thumb. She cautioned me to make sure it was on tight and secure. I apparently still looked confused. So, she looked all around the store to see if it was empty. It was empty. Just a minute, she said, and walked to the door, and locked it. Taking my hand, she led me into the back room, unbuttoned her blouse and removed it. She unhooked her bra and laid it aside. Do these excite you? She asked. Well, I was so dumb-struck that all I could do was nod my head. She then said it was time to slip the condom on. As I was slipping it on, she dropped her skirt, removed her panties and lay down on a desk. Well, come on, she said, We dont have much time. So I climbed on her. It was so wonderful, that unfortunately, I could no longer hold back and KAPOWWWWWWWW, I was done within a few moments. She looked at me with a bit of a frown. Did you put that condom on? she asked. I said, I sure did, and held up my thumb to show her. She fainted.   This Native American guy claimed I was insensitive to his culture, saying I've never walked a mile in their shoes. I asked What are you going to do? Sioux me?   Caught My wife walked in on me having sex with our daughter. I don't know what she was more upset about. The fact that I was having sex with our daughter or that the abortion clinic let me keep her...   What's Trump's favorite molecular bond? Van der Waals   Good Girls, Bad Girls And Naughty Girls Good girls loosen a few buttons when its hot Bad girls make it hot by loosening a few buttons Naughty girls unbutton your pants Good girls wax their floors Bad girls wax their bikini line Naughty girls wax your nutsack Good girls blush during sex scenes in movies Bad girls know they could do it better Naughty girls do it with whips and chains Good girls wear white cotton panties Bad girls dont wear any Naughty girls dont really give a shit Good girls think theyre not fully dressed without a strand of pearls Bad girls think theyre fully dressed with just a strand of pearls Naughty girls want a " pearl necklace " Good girls pack their toothbrush Bad girls pack their diaphragms Naughty girls pack their dildos Good girls own only one credit card and rarely use it Bad girls own only one bra and rarely use it Naughty girls own the entire Fantasia collection Good girls wear high heels to work Bad girls wear high heels to bed Naughty girls make you wear high heels Good girls think the office is the wrong place to have a romance Bad girls think no place is the wrong place Naughty girls have sex all over the place Good girls prefer the missionary position Bad girls do too, but only for starters Naughty girls add some new chapters in the Kama Sutra Good girls say no Bad girls say when? Naughty girls dont say anything, they just moan and scream a lot. Good girls go to the party, go home, then go to bed. Bad girls go to the party, go to bed and then go home. Naughty girls go to the party, hit on every guy there and then go home with two of them. (Saw this from a 2003 mail forwarding chain when I was cleaning my yahoo mail)   Friend told me that I was already the Michael Jordan of my sport I play baseball.   Two southern belles are standing outside on a sunny day Elizabeth: "My husband got me this beautiful diamond ring yesterday, isn't it just precious?" Evelyn: "How nice for you!" Elizabeth: "and this beautiful ranch was left to me by my daddy. Isn't it just wonderful?" Evelyn: "How nice for you!" Elizabeth: "And my dear sweet brothers bought me those absolutely majestic horses you see off in the distance." Evelyn:"Well, how nice for you!". Elizabeth: "Evelyn you're a beautiful, young woman. Surely the men in your life must take good care of you!" Evelyn: "Oh they do! My daddy really valued a good education and he sent me to boarding school. They taught literature, arithmetic, history, and how to speak in polite society. That's where they taught me to say 'how nice for you' instead of 'I don't give a fuck'"   Little Johnny's Halloween Little Johnny was on a park bench stuffing all of his Halloween candy in his mouth. An old lady came over and said. "Son, don't you know that eating all of that candy will rot your teeth, give you acne, and make you sick?" "My grandfather lived to be 105 years old!" replied Johnny. "Did he eat five candy bars at a sitting?" the old lady retorted. "No," said Johnny, "but he minded his own freakin' business."   Two hunters go out hunting in a forest They shoot a deer and begin dragging him back. However, they were dragging it by the tail and the antlers kept getting caught in the bushes and trees. Eventually, they pass by another hunter who advises them that they should hold the deer by the antlers so it doesn't get caught. They decide to heed his advice and carry the deer by its antlers. Soon after a while, one hunter says to the other: "You know, that guy was right. This is a lot easier." The other hunter says "Yeah but I think we've been walking in the wrong direction"   Chuck Norris walks into a bar Edit: a bar walks into Chuck Norris   A man wakes up one morning to find that he's grown a thick beard and is wearing a turban.... He, being very concerned and disoriented, calls his boss in order to see if he can get the day off. Man: "Boss, I just woke up with a turban and a long, thick beard. I think I need a day to figure things out." Boss: " So what are you saying....?" Man: "I'm calling in Sikh."   Why don't blondes get sick very often? Viruses and bacteria also have their pride!   A man is being chased trough a city by two government agents. He sprints through the market, knocking over stands and booths. Then he turns down an alley way. His prosecutors were only mere feet away from him. They break from out of the alley way and run towards the docks. The man looks out and sees a ferry a good distance away from the edge. He runs down the pier, still being closely followed. With all his might, he leaps from the dock to the boat. He was hardly able to grab on, but he managed. The agents men stood at the end of the dock, smiling. The man stood up and it dawned on him; the ferry was coming in.   Where does The Fonz like to eat? Chic-Fil-Ayyy!   I went to a Charlie Chaplin look alike contest, the guy who won was some German chap, the judges gave him perfect neins   Q: What's the funniest thing to ever come out of Sarah Silverman's mouth? A: Jimmy Kimmel's dick.   Why was the kid swinging? Peer pressure. His friends started to do drugs last month.   What do you call a Northern Iraqi with a yeast infection? A cheese Kurd.   My wife asked me... "Why do you always rest your hands on top of my head when I go down on you?" I told her- "Because if I didn't, I'd probably end up applauding."   The Penguin Collector So, there's this guy. This guy collects penguins. He doesn't collect penguin statues or toys or anything, he collects real, living penguins. Penguins of all sorts, Emperor Penguins, King Penguins, Little Penguins, African Penguins, all the penguins. Now, these penguins live all over his house. In his bathtub, sink, toilet, fridge, freezer, penguins everywhere. His house is practically bursting with these penguins. The mans wife is obviously not impressed with the amount of penguins her husband has. "Honey," she said to him, "You have got to get rid of all these penguins. We have no room to live. We can no longer afford to have nice things, not only do the penguins ruin everything we own, but we can hardly afford to feed the penguins. You have to get rid of them." "I can't do that!" The man replied. "I love these penguins. They are like family to me!" "Either they go, or I go!" She stated. After pondering this ultimatum for a while the man decides that he does, indeed, love his wife more than all his penguins put together. But what to do with all these penguins? "Why don't you donate them to the County Zoo?" His wife asked. "Great idea! I'll call them tomorrow." "Honey, you better call them now. I cannot go one more day with these penguins living here." The man, saddened by his failed attempt to keep the penguins at least one more day, begrudgingly picks up the phone. "Hello, County Zoo, how may I help you?" Spoke the cheery voice on the phone. The man took a deep breath and spoke slowly. "Hello, I'd like to speak to the person in charge of accepting donations please." The receptionist on the other end of the line could hear the sadness in his voice. "I'll connect you right away sir" The phone was silent for a minute. The man hoped that no one would be connected, that perhaps he could have one last day with the penguins. "Hello, County Zoo donation office. How may I assist you?" The man's heart sank "Hello, I have a very large collection of penguins I would like to donate." "Penguins?" "Yes, penguins." "Like, real penguins?" "Yes, real penguins." "That's fantastic!!" The donation coordinator exclaimed "We have been trying to get penguins here for a long time! We have an area all set up, but no penguins to live there!" The man smiled to himself. This person seemed very excited to get these penguins. At least they would be going to a happy home and they wouldn't be too far away so he could go visit. "My wife says I need to get rid of them today" "Fantastic! Come on down anytime, we will be waiting!" It was settled. The many attached his trailer to his truck and started loading up the penguins. After spending an hour counting the penguins to make sure he had them all the man closed the trailer door and stared to drive to the County Zoo. The man got about halfway there and sure enough he got a flat tire. "Damn it!!" The man thought to himself. "The County Zoo is almost closed, how will I explain to my wife if I come home with all these penguins." It was at that point that the man saw another truck coming down the road. He flagged the truck down. "Sir you have to help me! I need to get these penguins to the County Zoo. They are about to close soon and my wife will kill me if I don't take these penguins to the County Zoo today." "You want me to take these penguins to the County Zoo?" replied the stranger. "Yes! Please! I'll pay for you to take them to the County Zoo. How about 500. Is that enough for you to take them?" The stranger took the money. "Yeah, that should be enough." So the two men loaded up the strangers truck with all the penguins and off the stranger went. After a while the man finally got his truck fixed and off he went to the County Zoo. When he got there though the County Zoo was closed. The man started banging on the gate and yelling until a security guard showed up. "What is your problem?" Scoffed the security guard. "Please tell me, did my penguins arrive safely, are they all there? May I see them in their new home?" Pleaded the man. "Penguins? We were excepting some penguins, but we never got them." "WHAT!?!" The man was furious!! "That jerk stole all my penguins and my 500 was a rude person!!" "Sorry, sir." The man needed a way to blow off steam. He decided to drive around for a while before going home to his wife. After, maybe, 30-40 minutes the man sees the stranger from earlier. There he was. Walking down the street with a row of penguins following him, far as the eye can see. The man slammed on his breaks. He hopped out of his car. He approached the stranger and said, "Hey! Jerk! How dare you! How dare you steal my 500 and not take the penguins to the County Zoo!" "Oh." Said the stranger. I already took them to the County Zoo. I had money left over so I was taking them to the movie theatre."   I painted my laptop black... I painted my laptop black in the hopes that it would run faster... Now it doesn't work. :(   why did the cookie go to the doctor? Because he was feeling crumby. jokie   What does a pregnancy and alcoholism have in common? They can both be ended with a twelve step program   You know what really blew people's minds in the '90s? Kurt Cobain's suicide. Blew his too.   My mom found out I am gay and that she doesn't want me going down a dark road So I told her I was going to start dating black guys from now on. (Actual true story)   If you're a polyglot, you speak 4 languages, if you're trilingual you speak three languages, and if you're bilingual you speak two languages. What are you if you speak one language? American   Trump is eco-friendly He'll build his wall out of the (99) recycled material on rJokes   How to know if your girlfriend is a slut on your first night. Requirements : a blue paint, a red paint and a hammer. Steps : 1. Paint one of your balls blue and the other one red. 2. Proceed towards your first coitus experience. 3. If you find your girlfriend saying "That's the strangest pair of balls I have ever seen", hit her on the head with a hammer.   What do you call someone who has had no friends for 5 years? A Sandy Hook survivor.   Two cannibals are eating Amy Schumer one turns to the other and says "does this person taste funny to you?", the other responds "I though this was pork!"   Why are married women heavier than single women? A wedding ring has mass.   Have you read the book "The Yellow River"? It's the greatest.   Why can't Jesus play rugby? He won't support the hooker   Have you ever wondered why they have a women's studies major in colleges but no men's studies major? Well actually they do, it's called World History.   3 logicians walk into a bar the bartender asks "is everyone having a beer?" the first logician says "I dont know" the second logician says "I dont know" the third logician says "yes"   Trump passes a travel ban for all his supporters. They are not allowed to leave the county.   What event will Mexico win in the next summer Olympics? Hurdles, high jump and pole vault.   Asked my dad what LGBT stands for He started with "Lettuce? Bacon. Tomato. What's the 'g' for?" Obviously I had to reply with "Garnish". True story. My dad is not an idiot either, totally normal human.   Why do people dress up for their flights? Ain't no one got time to dress you before your burial if the plane is falling. If hell exists, I just bought 1st front row business class ticket there   Rockets? Maybe. But the Chinese haven't contributed to aviation. After all, two Wongs don't make a Wright.   If Al Gore had his own drumming software company he should name it... AlGoreRythyms   When I go out with a girl I always look in her eyes If she is not blind, I already know that I have no chance with her.   Did you hear about the robbery at the bakery? The guy absconeded after the crime. I'll see myself out...   Scientists have discovered a new gay dinasaour... The Megasoreass   My friend was reading an anti-gravity book... He couldn't put it down.   Why does Jeffrey Dahmer have a blender on his front porch? So when he gets visitors, he can greet them with a hand shake!   I watched a porno movie last night... It was pretty good but the plot had a lot of holes.   I hit the gym today. Broke my hand on the entrance doors.   What is a mountain sized bird made of? Well, part cliff, partridge.   You can predict the punchline If you're a fortune teller...   TIFU by gatecrashing an amputee conference... It was just a bit of 'armless fun.   Ive never been married, but I can imagine how it feels... I once had a stone stuck in my shoe for 10 hours.   Dunno why people like to associate Comcast with the Nazis It's not like they're the fascist out there.   Swim Race A local pool was holding a swim meet for the disabled. There were three contestants, one man had no arms, one man had no legs, and one man was just a disembodied head. The contestants got up on their blocks and prepared for the race. The starting pistol fired and the three men dove into the water. the man with no arms took the early lead, the man with no legs was gaining ground, and the head sunk straight to the bottom as a trail of bubbles floated to the surface. The race ended and the man with no legs swam down to save the head. He placed the head on the deck and after a couple of coughs the head turned to the staff and shouted "You Motherfucker, three fucking years I've been learning to swim with my fucking ears and two minutes before the start you put a goddamn swim cap on me!"   You remind me of a door Because you're a-door-able :   I tried coming up with a joke about mean people. But they were all just average   Enough about my weight!!! Ive had it with your silly remarks about my weight. Im leaving you! But honey, what about our child? What child?! Oh, so youre not pregnant?   Mommy, why are all the cars beeping their horns? Son: Mommy, why are all the cars beeping their horns? Mother: Because theres a wedding going on. Son: But isnt the horn a warning signal, Mommy? Mother: Exactly, son.   I call my ex-girlfriend Titanic Jack Because she's as cold as ice   what did the pencil sharpener say to the broken pencil.. that he should stop acting so littlepointed..   Yo Mama's like Wal-Mart. Errybody's been to her grand opening!   An Aussie and a Mexican Hitch a Ride on Air Force One An Aussie backpacker and his Mexican mate managed to hitch a ride on Air Force One. They were sitting with their packs beside a pile of parachutes sharing a taco and a vegemite sandwich when an explosion rocked the plane and it started going down. There was a mad rush as people started grabbing parachutes and jumping from the plane. Im sorry, said the stewardess, you hitchhikers will have to be last. This seemed fair enough, so the hitchers waited until everyone else had jumped. Crickey, looks like we get the last two chutes mate said the Aussie. Just then the President came along. He was running late as he had been watching the drama unfold on Fox. Sorry, he said. But I am a great great man, one of the best men. I am the brains of America. The country cant survive without me so I will need one of the chutes. And so saying, he strapped on a pack and leapt from the plane. What should we do now? the Mexican asked the Aussie. There are two of us and only one parachute. Dont worry mate, dont worry at all, said the Aussie. The brains of America just took my backpack.   I never understood why everyone hates mean people. I just think their average.   What do you call it when you commit suicide on Hanukkah A Jewicide   Trump's New Book I was walking in the mall and I saw that there was an Arabic bookstore. The sign outside led me to wonder just what exactly was in a Muslim bookstore, so I went in. As I was wandering around taking a look, the clerk gave me the stink eye, but asked if he could help me. I know I didn't look like his normal clientele, so I asked, Do you have a copy of Donald Trump's Book on his U.S. Immigration policy regarding Muslims and Illegal aliens? The clerk said, Kiss my ass, Get out, and Stay Out! I said, Yes, that's the one. Do you have it in paperback?   An old woman lies dead on the side of the road... and she has semen in her eyes. The policeman looked at her and said 'Looks like she saw her killer coming.' (Not sure if this one was posted before, I saw it on another site and couldn't see it here)   ballons ballons are like souls,they wanna go up but they can't and when you pop them,they scream...sorry   A woman tells her friend she is getting married for the fourth time. "How wonderful! I hope you don't mind me asking, what happened to your first husband?" "He ate poisonous mushrooms and died." "Oh, how tragic! What about your second husband?" "He also ate poisonous mushrooms and died." "Oh, how terrible! I'm almost afraid to ask you about your third husband." "He died of a broken neck." "A broken neck?" "He wouldn't eat the mushrooms."   Did you know that if you spell... Window backwards is window. It's not, but for a second you believed me.   I once tried greeting everyone I met by saying "titanic"... Turns out it wasn't a very good ice breaker   Rape is not funny Unless you are raping a clown   My life completely changed after I learned Morse Code. To me, "life" just became a series of dots and dashes.   What did the Jamaican say after winning the barefoot marathon? "Da trill of victory always betta dan de agony of de feet!"   It's not that hard to tell an alligator and a crocodile apart.. One will see you later and the other will see you in a while   Fire is hot And ISIS cold   What do you eat when you go hiking? Trail mix   What does an Arab guy say when he's happy? - Yemen! What does an Arab guy say when something upsets him? - Oman...   I remember tears in my eyes when dad chopped onions. Onions was a great dog.   Someone asked me to validate their parking So I said, "You did a very good job. I am very proud of you." I'm sorry. I actually said that to someone at work today.   Today I went to my meeting of the Premature Ejaculation group Turns out it is tomorrow.   What do you call a bird that punches people? Steven Seagull   I went to an international "Flat Earther" convention the other day Turns out they have members all around the world   My friend Gary doesn't know why Richard isn't interested in his donkey... He really wants to get Dick into his ass.   What's worse than ants in your pants? Uncles   Why are people so outraged and grossed out by incest? I think they should get some perspective. There are much worse things happening in the world and, really, it's all relative.   What does a thesaurus eat for breakfast? A synonym roll.   A bartender walks into a stable The horse says "Why the wrong place?"   My wife asked me, "Why don't you ever come to yoga class with me??"... "That's kind of a stretch for me"   I understand why bakers are addicted to baking bread. Sometimes they just knead it.   I've got Yellow Fever.. Don't hit on me just because I'm Asian   My wife bought a new dress and asked me if it made her look fat I said, "Of course not, honey. It's not the dress. It's your lack of discipline and self-control."   I accidentally ate some food coloring the other day... The doctor said that I'm fine, but I still feel like a little bit of me dyed that day.   Do you know what my grandfather said before he kicked the bucket? How far do you think I can kick this bucket?   A wife treats her husband by taking him to a strip club for his birthday. At the club, the doorman says, "Hi Jim, how are you?" The wife asks, "How does he know you?" Jim says, "Oh dear, I play football with him." Inside the Bartender Says, "The Usual, Jim?" Jim says to Wife, "Before you say anything, He's on the Darts team." Next a stripper Says, "Hi Jim! Do you crave the special again?" The Wife storms out dragging Jim with her jumps into a taxi. The Taxi driver Says, "Hey Jimmy boy! You picked up an ugly one this time..."   TIL how not to install a fence Ooops... wrong place for this post   What is a feminists favorite operating system? eunuch   How do you get payed for doing nothing all day? Become an FBI agent!   I wouldn't piss on Donald Trump if he were on fire. But for 100,000 a few Russian hookers will.   What is the difference between a refrigerator and a child? It isn't a crime to stick your meat in a refrigerator.   Why doesn't Trump have a pet dog at the White House? He only pets pussy.   My wife is like the biggest fish I ever caught. Just keeps getting bigger and bigger.   My son asked me if I like his hand after he taped a bunch of coins to it I said I like the change.   How do you make one million dollars in a month? Start with five million and become a day trader.   How are cars, computer parts, and animals similar? Dodge Ram, RAM, and the ram.   Donald Trump answers the question: What is 22? "I have to say a lot of people have been asking this question. No, really. A lot of people come up to me and they ask me. They say, 'What's 22?' And I tell them look, we know what 22 is. We've had almost eight years of the worst kind of math you can imagine. Oh my god, I can't believe it. Addition and subtraction of the 1s the 2s and the 3s. Its terrible. Its just terrible. Look, if you want to know what 22 is, do you want to know what 22 is? I'll tell you. First of all the number 2, by the way I love the number 2. It's probably my favorite number, no it is my favorite number. You know what, I mean, you know. So, we have all these numbers and we can add them and subtract them and add them. TIMES them even. Did you know that? We can times them OR divide them, they don't tell you that, and I'll tell you, no one is better at the order of operations than me. You wouldn't believe it. That I can tell you. So, we're gonna be the best on 22, believe me. OK? Alright. Thank you."   I Added Paul Walker on Xbox Live We never really get around to playing games though, he's always just stuck on the dashboard.   I stopped a rape from happening today! All I had to do was stop chasing her.   Lost 130lbs gained a new life. Soon I'll be rolling in pussy! Girlfriend is gone now, but she left her pregnant cat behind on the bed.   I heard Audi botched their new commercial I guess they can say Audi-ous to their customers.   Every "yo momma" joke has been done thousands of times, by thousands of different people. Kinda like yo momma.   WWII, two Soviet soldiers, who both used to be theater announcers, are sitting in the trenches... Then they hear the radio announcement: "Comrades, it's with a heavy heart that I must tell you this bad news: city of Bryansk was occupied by the Germans today." One of them says to the other one, "Pfff, you call that a city? Two 500-seaters at best!"   What was Donald Trumps first comment after moving into the Oval Office? "Hey fellas, it's so nice of you to leave some condoms for me in the desk drawer, but their diameter is about 3X too large!"   What's worse than ants in your pants? Uncles in your pants.   Life as a redditor I saw a pretty girl. Finally I plucked up the courage, and asked for her number. She said "got a pen?" I said yes. She said "well get back in it you fat fucking pig".   What is red and smells like blue paint Red paint   Mickey Mouse and Minnie Mouse were in divorce court and the judge said to Mickey... "You say here that your wife is crazy." Mickey replied, "No I didn't, I said she was fucking Goofy."   Jesus and Satan are having a furious argument... Jesus and Satan are having a furious argument as to who is the better computer programmer. They decide to hold a competition and ask God to be the judge. They set themselves up on their computers and begin. They type furiously, likes of code steaming up the screen, for several hours straight. Seconds before the end of the competition, a bolt of lightning strikes, taking out the electricity. Moments later, the power is restored and God announces that the contest is over. God asks Satan to show what he has come up with. Satan is visibly upset and cries 'I have nothing. I lost it all when the power went out.' 'Very well, then,' says God, 'Let us see if Jesus fared any better.' Jesus entered a command and the screen comes to life in a vivid display, the voices of an angelic choir pouring forth from the speakers. Satan is astonished. He stutters, 'But how?! I lost everything, yet Jesus' program is intact? How did he do it?' God chuckles, 'Everybody knows.. Jesus saves.'   I don't get why everyone is so worried about Trump. He hasn't even been in office for a month. I'm sure once he has some time to learn and get things done, America will turn out all white.   Just heard Michael Vick retired... Doesn't surprise me. He was an old dog anyways.   An antidepressant a day Keeps me from blowing my head away   I keep telling my female friend that my dick is great... She just needs to be in a position to appreciate it   Why is Charles Umar Terrence-Elliott Able to get so many dates? People always think he's cute, initially.   nsfw What did Trump feel when he heard about the civilian casualties in Yemen? Beluga caviar popping against the roof of his mouth.   Whats something that's hard and long and full of seamen? A submarine of course!   Are people with aspergers really not able to detect sarcasm? Sorry to break it to you, but I think you have aspergers.   Two friends are hanging out one day, Jim, and Bob. And Jim has a black eye. Bob asks, "Hey what happened to your eye?" Jim sighs and explains, "Well, I was in church, and we're all standing, and well, the lady in front of me, her skirt was tucked into her ass-crack! So I reached forward, and pulled her skirt out! She turns around and pops me right in the face!" So, a week later, these two friends meet up again, and Jim shows up with ANOTHER black eye! Bob says "Dude, did you do it again? You can't just pull a lady's skirt out like that!" Jim replies, "Nope, nope, so I'm in church again, right? And the same lady is in front of me, and the exact same thing happens! Her skirt was stuck in her ass again! Well, the guy next to me sees it and he pulls her skirt out of her ass-crack! But I knew she didn't like that. So I tucked it right back in there!"   "Dad, I'm a lesbian" "That's okay", says her dad "We still have your sister." "Sorry dad", says his second daughter "I'm lesbian, too" Their father sighs: "So nobody here digs men?" "I still do!" calls his son.   What did Shakespeare say on the last day if his summer vacation? Once more unto the beach   Just heard there's a cure for dyslexia It was like music to my arse   Two police officers crash their car into a tree. After a few seconds one whispers to the other Thats got to be the fastest we ever got to the accident site.   There's something sinister about the woman who stands next to me at the male sex doll factory She gives me the willies   The MOMA announced that they were opening a new section in the museum for art from Madrid. Nobody expected the Spanish exhibition.   What do you call a guy with no limbs in a pile of leaves? Russell   A New Patent A company has just requested a patent for a laser that prohibits name brand sunglasses: A Ray-Ban ban ray, if you will.   I was so poor growing up If I didn't wake up with an erection I had nothing to play with   Two silk worms Two silk worms had a race. They ended up in a tie.   A teacher is giving her kindergarten class a spelling test. She asks a boy named Paul to spell the first word. 'Paul, spell dog.' Paul answers, 'D-O-G.' 'Very good!' says the teacher. She then asks a girl named Mary to spell the second word. 'Mary, spell cat.' she says. Mary answers, 'C-A-T.' 'Well done Mary!' says the teacher. She then asks a boy named Hussein to spell the third word. 'Hussein, spell discrimination against foreigners.'   The first time I went on a plane, I was such a caveman about it. I got lost and sat on the wrong seat twice, I banged my head on the overhead compartment (twice) and walked right up to the cockpit door mid flight because I couldn't find the toilets, and the flight attendant got upset at me. Then, I left the plane at the destination and forgot to get my bag from under the seat, so I had to wait til everyone had left and then the FA wouldn't let me go back and get it, said she would get it for me. Asked me where I was sitting, and I didn't have my ticket stub, so I just said "In the back" and she looked at me as if to say "Well you sure as fuck weren't up the front, were you?" I cried at home and almost quit the co-pilot job the following day.   If I had a dollar every time a baby boomer insulted me... I could afford a house in the economy they ruined   John owned the local florist shop. The shop had been in his family for five generations -- and he loved his work. He was a part of peoples lives, from their first prom, to valentines gifts, birthdays, weddings, and even funerals -- he loved his work, and the town loved him. Life for him, his wife Susan, his mom Louis, and their three kids John Jr (JJ), Alexis, and Peter was perfect. All that changed though when one day, right across the street, a new shop opened: Holy Brothers Holy Flowers. Intrigued, he went over to introduce himself. Turns out two Friars had recently left their order to open a flower store. They were elderly gentleman who had spent decades tending the garden at their Friary, but ultimately wanted to go live in the outside world. John was friendly, and thought to himself well, Im sure this town can support two florists, so we went back to his store and thought nothing more of it. But as time went on more and more people started going to Holy Flowers. A rumor had gotten started that the flowers were blessed, and that youd get good luck by going there. Sales dropped for John, money got tight, and he started to accrue debt. Finally, nobody came into his store at all any more. One day, out of desperation, he went across the street to talk to the friars. He said guys, I need you to move your store. My family has owned this place for five generations and Im going to lose it. The friars told him to fuck off. He went home and told his wife. Thinking a womans touch might help, she went to talk to the friars. My family is going to lose our home, please move to the next town over. She was again told to fuck off. In a moment of despair, they sent their children to go plead their case. JJ, Alexis, and Peter went to see the Friars. Please sirs, or parents are losing everything, you have to help us out. They too were told to fuck off. Next, Johns mother Louis, a kindly, persuasive, but tough woman went to talk to them. She was told to fuck off. Sitting in his dusty empty store John contemplated his failings while he killed a bottle of cheap whiskey. His store, his future, hes lost all of it. Sitting in a stupor, a thought drifted into his mind. He remembered an old family acquaintance. He picked up the phone and called the man, a huge (probably former felon) guy named Hugh. Nobody knew exactly what Hugh did, but he wasnt a good guy. Johns dad had done Hugh a favor once so they were in his good graces, but this was a man to be respected and feared. John explained the situation to Hugh over the phone, who simply said Ill deal with it and hung up the phone. Two days later Holy Flowers closed. No explanation, no closing sale, the just shut their doors, drove out of town as fast as they could, leaving everything behind. Customers started coming back to John, and he lived happily ever after. The moral of the story? Hugh, and only Hugh, can prevent florist friars.   Alaskan Eye Doctor I thought I saw an eye doctor on an Alaskan island... but it turned out to be an optical aleutian.   "I would like to buy some cyanide" A nice, calm and respectable lady went into the pharmacy, right up to the pharmacist, looked straight into his eyes, and said, "I would like to buy some cyanide." The pharmacist asked, "Why in the world do you need cyanide?" The lady replied, "I need it to poison my husband." The pharmacists eyes got big and he exclaimed, "Lord have mercy! I can't give you cyanide to kill your husband! That's against the law! I'll lose my license! They'll throw both of us in jail! All kinds of bad things will happen. Absolutely not! You CANNOT have any cyanide!" The lady reached into her purse and pulled out a picture of her husband in bed with the pharmacist's wife. The pharmacist looked at the picture and replied, "Well now. That's different. You didn't tell me you had a prescription." Edit: Shit, I forgot! Credit to ualbert3us   Watson walks in on Sherlock having sex with a younger looking girl "Bloody hell, Sherlock! What'd you think you're doing bangin' that chick. She looks like she's in highschool" Sherlock replied, "Elementary, my dear Watson"   A girl on fire. Stopped at a gas station today and I noticed these two officers just standing there next to their car, watching a woman who was smoking while pumping gas into her car. I thought, wow, what a crazy lady doing that with the police standing right there watching her! So I went in and got my soda, and as I was checking out, I heard someone screaming, "Look! Look outside!!" We did and what did we all see?! The woman's arm was on fire!!! She was running around like a chicken with its head cut off, waving her arm and just going crazy nuts!. We all went outside just as the cops took her to the ground. I don't know where it came from, but they put the fire out with an extinguisher. Finally, after all the craziness was over, I started walking to my car and I noticed that the cops were putting her in handcuffs. There was a young guy walking next to me and he said, "what the heck?!?" He turned around and walked back toward the cops. I kinda stuck around because it looked like this guy was an idiot and I wanted to see what was going to happen. Well... he asks the cops what they were arresting her for, after all, wasn't catching her arm on fire punishment enough for her being stupid? I kid you not, the cop looked him dead in the eyes and said, "For waving a Firearm".   Why did Jeffrey Dahmer keep a blender on his front porch? To greet people with a handshake.   A Filipino, an Indian, and a Pakistani get arrested in Saudi Arabia A Filipino, an Indian, and a Pakistani get arrested in Saudi Arabia for drinking alcohol. They are given a sentence of 50 lashes each. Before execution of their punishments each of them is given a chance to ask a wish. The Filipino requests that a pillow be tied to his back. The wish is granted and he's given 50 lashes. Indian asks for 2 pillows to be tied to his back. Again the wish is granted and 50 lashes given. Now only the Pakistani is left and he asks to please be allowed to make 2 wishes. Reluctantly, they accept his demand and ask what are his two wishes. Pakistani man says: 1. Give me 100 lashes instead. 2. Tie the Indian to my back.   NSFWTwo Scottish lasses are walking to school one morning... ...when they come upon a man passed out under a tree after a night out drinking. They approach the burly, bearded man and one girl says " I n'er seen a mans penis before. Let's take a peek!" So, they lift the mans kilt and the other exclaims " It looks like a wee chick sitting in a nest! It needs a cute bow!" She pulls a ribbon from her hair, ties it around the sleeping mans member and they continue on their way. A spell later the man wakes, stands and begins to stretch when he feels a pinch on his boabie. He lifts his kilt and sees a ribbon tied around himself. After a moment he smiles and says to his-self: "Och, I doont know where ye been but I see ye took first place!"   Voo-Doo Dick A man about to go on an extended business trip decided to buy his wife a couple of toys as a surprise. He came home the night before his flight out with a sex toy called Voo-Doo Dick. "Voo-Doo Dick?" his wife asked. "What is that?" "You'll see," he smirked. "Just have fun. It's special." The next night, she decides to try it out. The directions read, "Voo-Doo Dick responds to your every wish! Just say the name twice and then say where you want it to please you. To make it stop, say 'Cid Ood-Oov return,' and Voo-Doo Dick returns to its bed to sleep again." She took off her clothes. To test it out, she said, "Voo-Doo Dick, Voo-Dick. My neck." Voo-Doo Dick began to vibrate and floated to her neck and gave her the best neck message she ever had. She said, "Cid Ood-Oov return," and Voo-Doo Dick floated back to its box quietly. She said, "Voo-Doo Dick, Voo-Doo Dick, my breasts." Voo-Doo Dick once again floated to her and stimulated her nipples until she was turned on more than she had ever been. After several minutes of that, she said, "Voo-Doo Dick, Voo-Doo Dick... my pussy." Voo-Doo Dick moved down from her breasts and began to fuck her better than she had ever been before. She had orgasm after orgasm until she'd had enough. But she couldn't remember the safe phrase to call off Voo-Doo Dick. She tried looking for the instructions, but she couldn't find the paper and the constant vibrating and intense orgasms still hitting her wouldn't let her think. Finally, she decided she had to get medical help. Voo-Doo Dick was still going at it. She clumsily put on a robe, got into her car, and headed toward the hospital to try to get it removed. She weaved back and forth all over the highway as more orgasms overwhelmed her as she drove. A few miles from the hospital, a highway patrol car pulled her over. "What in the world is going on with you, lady?" yelled the patrolman when he got to her window. "You must be drunk, weaving all over the road. All you look damn near naked." She explained what happened and that she was going to the hospital for help. "I've heard some whoppers in my day, lady, but that's the worst lie I've heard yet." "But it's true! The Voo-Doo Dick won't stop!" "Voo-Doo Dick? Voo-Doo Dick my ass!"   Three blondes were driving to Disneyland... Three blondes were driving to Disneyland. When they were close to the destination they saw a sign: Disneyland Left. They stopped, started to cry and finally turned around and drove back home.   What camps are designed for people with ADHD? Concentration camps.   I once dated a girl named Plosion but then we broke up I guess you could say she is an exPlosion   Two bears are eating a cannibal. Two bears are eating a cannibal. One turns to the other and asks: "Since we are eating a cannibal, are we eating more than one person?" The Other responds: "HOLY SHIT! A TALKING BEAR!"   Vladimir Putin takes Donald Trump fishing out on the black sea... Vladimir Putin takes Donald Trump fishing out on the black sea. After having his line in the water for a few hours, Donald finally has a bite. And its a big one. At first, he threatens the fish. I will drop a nuclear bomb on you if you dont get in this boat. It doesnt work. In fact, the fish starts to fight harder. Next, he takes to twitter This fish isnt man enough to face me on board this boat. Sad! The fish isnt swayed. So finally, Trump shouts I will send in a Navy SEAL team to kill your entire family! The fish is scared and quickly jumps on the boat. Before even taking it off the line, Trump picks the fish up and holds it high above his head. He squeezes its bladder down onto face. Trump notices Putin looking on in disgust and says, What? You knew I love Russian hookers pissing on my face.   Democratic Party removed   My Brother has 2 tickets to the 2017 Super Bowl -- HELP! My brother has 2 tickets to the upcoming Super Bowl! He was so excited and paid the 3,500 for each ticket as soon as they went on sale. However, he didn't realize that the game would land on the day of his wedding.. If you are interested, he is looking for someone to take his place.. It will be at St. Francis Church in Des Moines, Iowa at 3:45 p.m. She is 5 ' 7'' and weighs about 145 pounds. She's a great cook, and will be in the white dress!   Why do Scotsmen wear kilts? a sheep can hear a zipper from 100 meters away   Why can't milk cartons wear flip flops? Because they lactose   What's brown, lonely and sits on a piano bench? Beethoven's last movement.   What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh   What's the difference between calling out to your hispanic friend vs calling out to your Ex? You shout "Jorge!" when calling to your friend. You shout "Hey Whore!" when calling to your ex.   Local Hero saves lady from Dog A man in USA sees a dog attacking a girl! He kicks the dog, it dies! Newspapers report: "Local Hero saves lady from Dog" Man says I'm not American Report changed: "Foreign Hero Saves girl from Dog" Man says: Actually I'm Pakistani Breaking News: "Terrorist killed Innocent Dog which was playing with a girl"   What do you call a black man whos an astronaut? An astronaut, you fucking racist...   All sex offenders follow the golden rule... You touch you take.   Why I got divorced HUSBAND: My wife where are you? WIFE: At home love. HUSBAND: Are you sure? WIFE: Yes. HUSBAND: Turn on the blender. WIFE: (turns blender on) reeereeeereeee HUSBAND: Ok my love goodbye. Another day HUSBAND: My wife where are you? WIFE: At home love HUSBAND: Are you sure? WIFE: Yes HUSBAND: Turn on the blender WIFE: (turns blender on) reeereeeereeee HUSBAND: Ok my love goodbye The next day, the husband decides to go home without notice, and finds his son alone and he asked him son where is your mother? SON: I don't know, she went out with the blender.   There's 4 things I hate in this world. Racism, niggers, and people who can't count.   Girlfriend asked me what to do this evening... My girlfriend asked me what I wanted to do this evening? Should we go out bowling or should we go upstairs and mess around in the bed? I told her that I am NOT going to put my fingers in some dirty hole where hundreds of guys had put their fingers in before me!!! So we went bowling.   They say that if you are good and righteous you will ascend into heaven... Otherwise you will split apart into small groups.   Adolf Hitler has never touched Call of Duty... ...and yet, he still has a better KDR than me.   Where do you find firehoes? In the alley behind the firehouse.   I hate when people ask me if I'm hard at work... Every time I am, I get written up by the HR lady.   What do you get when you cross semen and cum? SPum   I'm not really a religious person, but I do like to keep my weed in a hollowed-out Bible... I guess you could call me an eighth-theist.   Why is it so hard to find a priest in Amsterdam? They're all high priests.   Two men are walking by a restaurant Two men are walking by a restaurant and one of them says, "That smells amazing! Lets get something." The other man replies, "But they don't let dogs in, what are we going to do with them." The first man puts on a pair of sunglasses and has his friend do the same and says, "Follow my lead." He starts to walk into the restaurant and the waiter stops him, "You cannot bring dogs in here sir." The man gets offended, "Excuse me sir! This is my seeing eye dog, I am blind." The waiter questions this, "But your dog is a pit bull?" The man replies, "I know, I am a very important person, I need protection as well." The first man passes through and the second man begins to walk through when the waiter stops him and asks him the same question. The man replies, "This is my seeing eye dog too." The waiter replies, "Really? A chihuahua?" The man freaks out, "What?! They gave me a chihuahua?!"   Someone made Bob Ross mad artistic screeching   I got fired for sticking my penis in the meat grinder... that punishment was nothing compared to the one I got when I told my wife that the meat grinder's name is Jenny.   I asked my North Korean friend how it was to live in North Korea He said he cant complain.   How do you make a black person nervous? Take him with you to an auction. A joke a classmate told me. Simon, if you read this: enough credits? :P   A man was sitting on a blanket at the beach. He had no arms and no legs. Three women were walking past and felt sorry for the poor man. The first woman said "Have you ever had a hug?" The man said "No," so she gave him a hug and walked on. The second woman said "Have you ever had a kiss?" The man said "No," so she gave him a kiss and walked on. The third woman came to him and said "Have you ever been fucked?" The fellow said "No", She said "You will be when the tide comes in."   A nice, calm and respectable lady went into the pharmacy... A nice, calm and respectable lady went into the pharmacy, right up to the pharmacist, looked straight into his eyes, and said, "I would like to buy some cyanide." The pharmacist asked, "Why in the world do you need cyanide?" The lady replied, "I need it to poison my husband." The pharmacists eyes got big and he exclaimed, "Lord have mercy! I can't give you cyanide to kill your husband! That's against the law! I'll lose my license! They'll throw both of us in jail! All kinds of bad things will happen. Absolutely not! You CANNOT have any cyanide!" The lady reached into her purse and pulled out a picture of her husband in bed with the pharmacist's wife. The pharmacist looked at the picture and replied, "Well now. That's different. You didn't tell me you had a prescription."   What did the pirate say when he turned 80? Aye matey!   One day a senior priest decides that he has nothing to do with religion anymore and to go for the hot sister... He approaches to her and says, "I saw Jesus in my dream. He told if we kiss once, we will get rid of our sins". The sister is surprised but she trusts the experienced priest. They kiss. A few days later, he approaches again. "I saw Jesus in my dream. He told if I touch your breast once, all of our brothers and sisters here will go to Heaven". Sister says "but...". The priests gives a long speech and tells that the order comes from Jesus. He grabs her breasts. Couple weeks later, he comes and says "Last night, Jesus took me up to the stairs of Heaven and he told we did very good. If we do one last thing, he told, all the Christians will be forgiven from their sins.". "What is that?" she asks. "I will need to put my penis between the lips of your vagina. But make sure it does not slip in. You know it is the biggest sin!" replies the priest. She is doubtful but this is the greatest opportunity. She agrees. Then, BAAM! He slips in and says.. "That bastard Jesus pushed me from behind!"   What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese   Im graduating for my biology study in a few weeks.. Im writing a killer fotosynthesis   Scientists have discovered a rare mutation that causes autosomal dominant inheritance of violent diarrhea In hindsight we should've known something like that would run in the genes.   There's a drunk man, wandering the street... And he comes across a priest. He says to him, "I'm Jesus Christ." The priest replies, "No, you're not." The drunk is confident in his Christ-ness, and says that he can prove it. So the drunk leads the priest to a bar, professing his divinity the whole way. They arrive and enter. The bartender sees the drunk and says, "Jesus Christ, you're here again!"   I had to perform surgery on a lamb's brain yesterday. Just call me a gyro surgeon.   What does a nosy pepper do? Gets jalapeo business   Why did the pianist go to jail? Because he would only play with A Minor   One shudders to think how much worse the Bowling Green Massacre would have been... ... If it weren't for the heroic intervention by Frederick Douglass.   Joe enters a pun competition Each contestent is allowed to enter 10 puns, so Joe thinks of his 10 best puns and writes them down, after judges decided which puns won, the announcer decided to read off the 10 best, as the last pun was read, Joe was defeated, none of his puns won! No pun in ten did   A man walks into a bar in Bangkok... a sign reads: Cheese Sandwich: 1.50 Chicken Sandwich: 2.50 Hand Job: 10.00 The man walks up to a barmaid. Man: Are you the one who gives the hand jobs? Barmaid: Why, yes. That's me. Man: Then go wash your hands! I want a cheese sandwich.   Lady buys cyanide A nice, calm and respectable lady went into the pharmacy, right up to the pharmacist, looked straight into his eyes, and said, "I would like to buy some cyanide." The pharmacist asked, "Why in the world do you need cyanide?" The lady replied, "I need it to poison my husband." The pharmacists eyes got big and he exclaimed, "Lord have mercy! I can't give you cyanide to kill your husband! That's against the law! I'll lose my license! They'll throw both of us in jail! All kinds of bad things will happen. Absolutely not! You CANNOT have any cyanide!" The lady reached into her purse and pulled out a picture of her husband in bed with the pharmacist's wife. The pharmacist looked at the picture and replied, "Well now. That's different. You didn't tell me you had a prescription."   "Aren't you really busy tomorrow?" "Woah buddy don't assume my agenda"   Why did Donald Trump fail his college math class? He was uncomfortable with the concept of integration.   What time do you go to the dentist? Tooth hurty   How do you make a pound of fat look sexy? Put a nipple on it.   If i had a dollar for every girl that found me unattractive They would eventually find me attractive.   When my grandma died, I got her most prized vagina fart in a bottle. She bequeefed it to me.   Why are hippy drum circles like high frequency radiation? They both cause the formation of free radicals.   What is a pirates favorite toy? Aaaarrhh Sea Boats!   So a guy asked me if I ever dropped my phone in a beer before... I said "yeah, once in a Blue Moon".   What is the sexual orientation of a bodybuilder? Bicepsual   I want to get back into my house but I can't, There's a door in the way   My girlfriend broke up with me for listening to Linkin Park But in the end it doesn't even matter.   What do you call a schizophrenic fruit? Pearanoid.   A girl goes to the doctor... Putting his stethoscope to the young woman's chest, the doctor said, "Big breaths, dear." She smiled. "Yup. And I'm not even thixteen yet!"   I won't be getting another iphone because of the horrible shellback. spellcheck! Not shellback! Ducking phone...   It was the first day of school, and the teacher was going around the classroom asking each of the children to spell their names. It was the first day of school, and the teacher was going around the classroom asking each of the children to spell their names. "D-O-R-I-S L-E-H-I-G-H," said one, and the teacher dutifully recorded it in her attendance book. "T-I-M M-O-R-I-A-R-T-Y," said another. "E-L-S-I-E," said another. "No," the teacher told the girl, "I need your whole name." "Oh," said the girl. "V-A-G-I-N-A."   Why would Groot make a terrible spy? Because he's an obvious plant.   Trump's Inauguration Speech Was Uploaded onto Pornhub "Rich White Man Fucks Entire Country"   How to cheer up your spouse A man comes home from a tough day at work and sits down on the couch. His wife comes up to him and asks how his day was. "It was the worst day this month. Everything went wrong and the boss blamed me for everything, even things that I had nothing to do with". His wife said "I'm sorry to hear that, let me try to cheer you up". The husband replied "I don't think that there is anything you can do to make me smile today". "I think I can make you smile with my right hand". "Not a chance" was the husband's reply. "What about if I use both of my hands"? "Nope, it was a really bad day". "How about I use both my hands and my mouth"? "That's not going to do it either". Finally the wife says "how about I use both of my hands, my mouth and my tongue"? The husband says "OK, let's see what you've got". The wife walks up to her husband who is still sitting on the couch, she gets on her knees and sticks her thumbs in her ears, flaps her fingers, sticks out her tongue and goes thppplllt!   A few weeks in they're already talking about impeachment... What an un-presidented turn of events.   A man brings his cat.... A man brings his cat to a veterinarian. He lives the cat there and returns in two days, as preagreed. He asks the veterinarian: Is my cat still alive? Still not...   What is the worst part about time travelling jokes? Yours considered a Repost when they take it and go back and use it before you.   They say an apple a day keeps the doctor away... But my aim is terrible so...   Wanna hear a racist joke? Nevermind. None of the white people would understand it.   I like my women how I like my pickles. Sweet and petite ( )   A man steps in a diner and orders some coffee... The waitress brings it over and lies it on the table. The moment the man takes a sip, he spits it out, shouting, "This coffee tastes like boiled dirt!", and the waitress says, "I wouldn't be surprised, it was ground this morning."   A Donkey Fell Into A Bowl Of Sugar What a sweet ass   If your mommy ... would sit between America and Mexico Trump doesnt need to build a wall.   One day, Pavlov is drinking in a bar. Then a man enters the bar and rings the bell on top of the door. Pavlov says "Oh shit, I forgot to feed the dog"   An old man decided his wife was getting hard of hearing So he called her doctor to make an appointment to have her hearing checked. The Doctor said he could see her in two weeks, and meanwhile there's a simple, informal test the husband could do to give the doctor some idea of the dimensions of the problem. "Here's what you do. Start about 40 feet away from her, and speak in a normal conversational tone and see if she hears you. If not, go to 30 feet, then 20 feet, and so on until you get a response." So that evening she's in the kitchen cooking dinner, and he's in the living room, and he says to himself, "I'm about 40 feet away, let's see what happens." "Honey, what's for supper?" No response. So he moves to the other end of the room, about 30 feet away. "Honey, what's for supper?" No response. So he moves into the dining room, about 20 feet away. "Honey, what's for supper?" No response. On to the kitchen door, only 10 feet away. "Honey, what's for supper?". No response. So he walks right up behind her. "Honey, what's for supper?" "For the FIFTH time, CHICKEN!!!!"   What do you call a gay version of Donald Trump? Flaming Hot Cheeto!   Why was Biggie mad at 2Pac? It all started when 2pac innocently said, "Yeah, sure, it's cool, invite all the rappers to my party, no biggie."   People all over the country are dropping dead due to high blood sugar... I guess they're suffering from a serious case of Die-betes   Hungry Clock When a clock eats, does it go back four seconds?   I have Carpal Tunnel Syndrome. In my case, it is a sexually transmitted disease.   I saw thor reading a thor comic... to be honest, I think it might be a metathor.   My wife is still upset about me calling her fat 10 years ago... I guess it's true what they say, elephants do remember everything. Edit: Damn, just realised someone else posted a similar joke recently. Sorry for the accidental repost, I will go home and rethink my life.   What are the worst kind of jokes? Unfunny jokes   A Knock Knock Joke Knock knock Who's there? Erma. Erma who? Ermagerd, stop with all that knocking!!! .... so I was very tired. At least my fianc laughed.   Why are Jews so good at racing? Because they used to step on the gas.   You know what's really odd? Numbers not divisible by two.   I love hockey. It's really an ice game.   Where did the geologist husband and mineralogist wife buy their first home? In agated community.   Two cannibals are eating Amy Schumer Two cannibals are eating Amy Schumer One turns to the other and asks, "does this taste funny to you?" The other responds, "no."   My refuel warning is always on, even after I've just filled up! I think I'm being gaslighted.   Why did the rooster cross the road His wife left him   People say that Steve Jobs died to soon. But I think it was a fitting metaphor for his companys attitude to battery life   What is the most valuable kind of sheep? A ewe.   Two rednecks decide to go to college... Two rednecks decided that they weren't going anywhere in life and thought they should go to college to get ahead. The first goes in to see the counselor, who tells him to take Math, History, and Logic. "What's Logic?" the first redneck asks. The professor answers by saying, "Let me give you an example." "Do you own a weedeater?" "I sure do." "Then I can assume, using logic, that you have a yard," replied the professor. "That's real good!" says the redneck. The professor continues, "Logic will also tell me that since you have a yard, you also own a house." Impressed, the redneck says, "Amazin!" "And since you own a house, logic dictates that you have a wife." "That's Betty Mae! This is incredible!" The redneck is obviously catching on. "Finally, since you have a wife, logically I can assume that you are heterosexual," said the professor. "You're absolutely right! Why that's the most fascinatin' thing I ever heard! I can't wait to take that logic class!!" The redneck, proud of the new world opening up to him, walks back into the hallway, where his friend is still waiting. "So what classes are ya takin'?" asks the friend. "Math, History, and Logic!" replies the first redneck. "What in tarnation is logic???" asked his friend. "Let me give you an example. Do ya own a weedeater?" asked the first redneck. "No," his friend replied. "Fag."   Why was the sun annoyed to be called a she? Cause it's a non-binary star   When you say the word poop, your mouth does the same motion as your butt hole. Same can be said for the phrase "explosive diarrhea".   What's the worst type of suicide ? The failed one.   A farmer named Clyde had a car accident. In court, the trucking company's lawyer was questioning Clyde. "Didn't you say, at the moment of the accident, 'I'm fine.'" asked the lawyer? Clyde responded, "Well, I'll tell you what happened. I had just loaded my favorite mule, Bessie, into the..." "I did not ask you for any details", the lawyer interrupted. "Just answer the question. Did you not say, at the scene of the accident, 'I'm fine?'" Clyde said, "Well, I had just got Bessie into the trailer and I was driving down the road." The lawyer interrupted again and said "Judge, I'm trying to establish the fact that, at the scene of the accident, this man told the highway patrolman on the scene that he was just fine. Now several weeks after the accident he is trying to sue my client. I believe he is a fraud. Please tell him to simply answer the question." By this time the judge was fairly interested in Clyde's answer and said to the lawyer "I'd like to hear what he has to say about his favorite mule, Bessie." Clyde thanked the judge and proceeded. "Well as I was saying, I had just loaded Bessie, my favorite mule, into the trailer and was driving down the highway when this huge semi-truck and trailer ran the stop sign and smacked my truck right in the side. I was thrown into one ditch and Bessie was thrown into the other. I was hurting real bad and didn't want to move. However, I could hear old Bessie moaning and groaning. I knew she was in terrible shape just by her groans. When the highway patrolman came on the scene he could hear Bessie moaning and groaning so he went over to her. After he looked at her and saw her near fatal condition, he took out his gun and shot her between the eyes. Then the patrolman came across the road, gun still in hand, looked at me and said, 'how are you feeling?' Now what the fuck would you say?"   In Soviet Russia, Muslims ban America!!   A woman decided to have a face lift for her birthday. She spent 5000 and felt really good about the results. On her way home she stopped at a dress shop to look around. As she was leaving, she said to the sales clerk, "I hope you don't mind me asking, but how old do you think I am?" "About 35,"he replied. "I'm actually 47," the woman said, feeling really happy. After that she went into McDonald's for lunch and asked the order taker the same question. He replied, "Oh, you look about 29." "I am actually 47!" she said, feeling really good. While standing at the bus stop she asked an old man the same question. He replied, "I am 85 years old and my eyesight is going. But when I was young there was a sure way of telling a woman's age. If I put my hand up your skirt I will be able to tell your exact age." There was no one around, so the woman said, "What the hell?" and let him slip his hand up her skirt. After feeling around for a while, the old man said, "OK, You are 47." Stunned, the woman said, "That was brilliant! How did you do that?" The old man replied, "I was behind you in line at McDonald's."   -when I donate blood I don't have to do it my self, the nurse does it.. -yes but this is a sperm bank and it's different -awful service   A man with terminal cancer is gazing at the sunset. As he's looking back on his life and coming to terms with his death, he gets a sort of primal urge to just start digging a hole. So he grabs a shovel and digs and digs and keeps digging. He digs so far down that he breaks into the roof of a cave, falls to the floor, and dies. This joke isn't very funny, but it sure is deep!   What's better than 69? 77 because you get ate more. -Redd Foxx   What did the snail say when it rode a turtle? "WEEEEEEEEEEEE"   What do plants use to fill holes in walls, Chloroplast-er   I love February because it contains two of my favorite annual events Groundhog Day, and the State of the Union Address. One involves a meaningless ritual in which we look to a notoriously unreliable mammal for prognostication with no basis in reality. The other involves a groundhog.   Who wins an argument? The side with the most points.   What do you call someone who hangs out with musicians? The drummer.   So, this guy starts a new job and the boss says, "If you marry my daughter, I'll make you a partner, give you an expense account, a Mercedes, and a million dollar annual salary." The guy says, "What's wrong with her?" The boss shows him a picture, and she's hideous. The boss says, "It's only fair to tell you, she's not only ugly, she's as dumb as a brick." The guy says, "I don't care what you offer me, it ain't worth it." The boss says, "I'll give you a five million dollar salary and build you a mansion on Long Island." The guy accepts, figuring he can put a bag over her head when they have sex. About a year later, the guy buys an original Van Gogh and he's about to hang it on the wall. He climbs a ladder and yells to his wife, "Bring me a hammer." She mumbles, "Get the hammer. Get the hammer," and she fetches the hammer. The guy says, "Get me some nails." She mumbles, "Get the nails. Get the nails," and she gets him some nails. The guys starts hammering a nail into the wall, he hits his thumb, and he yells, "Fuck!" She mumbles, "Get the bag. Get the bag."   Hitler seems to get a lot of hate these days, but to the man's credit.. he did kill Hitler.   What do women who just got dumped and advanced programmers have in common? They both want closure!   If Melania divorces Donald Trump Then an immigrant will get half of the US in the divorce settlement :)   I'm never sure if it's a Dad joke Are those the ones that hit you later when you're doing something else? Or the ones you don't get till the weekend? :(   The teacher asked little Johnny a question... Teacher: If I gave you 2 cats, and another 2 cats and another 2 cats, how many cats would you have? Little Johnny: Seven! Teacher: No, listen carefully. If I gave you 2 cats, and another 2 cats and another 2 cats, how many cats would you have? Little Johnny: Seven! Teacher: Let me put it to you differently. If I gave you two apples, and another two apples and another two, how many would you have? Little Johnny: Six. Teacher: Good. Now if I gave you two cats, and another two cats and another two, how many would you have? Little Johnny: Seven! Teacher: Johnny, where in the heck do you get seven from?! Little Johnny: Because I've already got a freaking cat!   What's the difference between a rock guitarist and a folk guitarist? A rock guitarist can play all night without tuning and folk guitarist can tune all night without playing.   A man walks into a bar and orders a drink, when suddenly he hears someone say, "Hey, nice tie!" The man looks up to try to find out who said it, but no one was around. "Hey! Nice shirt!" The man looks up again, but there's nobody there. "Hey! Nice suit!" The man then calls the bartender over and asks him if he keeps talking to him. The bartender replies, "It's not me; it's the complimentary peanuts."   Great Friday morning! My Friday morning fun... so I was pulling into the gas station and when I got out of the car, I noticed these two police officers looking at a woman who was smoking while fueling up. I went in to get a drink and as I was checking out, I hear someone screaming. I look out and that woman's arm was on fire! She was tossing and waving her arm around and just going crazy! I ran outside and the officers had put her on the ground and were putting the fire out with an extinguisher. I saw that the officers put hand cuffs on her and were about to put her in the police car. I was thinking "What in the world?"... so being the concerned person that I am, I asked the officers what they were arresting her for? He looked me dead in my eye and said... "Waving a firearm!"   I'm worried about my friend. He was bragging about getting a handjob from his teacher. I said, "That's disgusting, you're homeschooled."   Two Russians, Vlad and Ivan, decided to have a race. Both long distance runners, they decided the end would be a large rock a few miles past the Russia-Finland border. Vlad was ahead for most of the race, but he faltered soon after the border and was passed by Ivan, who won. "I told you I would win!" said Ivan. "You may have won," replied Vlad, "but I beat you to the Finnish line."   I gave a girl my phone number and told her to text me when she got home. I guess shes homeless.   Invisible... A psychiatrist's secretary walked into his study and said, "There's a gentleman in the waiting room asking to see you. Claims he's invisible." The psychiatrist responded, "Tell him I can't see him."   Two kids were talking... Kid 1: I bet you're a virgin Kid 2: I was a virgin, until last night! Kid 1: Lies! Kid 2: Ask your sister. Kid 1: Ha! I don't have a sister! Kid 2: You will in about nine months! Edit: Thanks for the support guys!   Whatever you do always give 100 . Unless you are donating blood.   What did the cell say when his sister stepped on his toe? Mi to sis   When I see a girl, I first look at her hair. Then at her eyes, lips, neck... Damn dial-up!   Told my wife I was going to give her something for Valentines I've never given her before She said "An orgasm?"   What did the DNA say to the other DNA? Do these genes make me look fat?   "May I sleep with your sister?" is such an awkward question to ask. I have no idea how my dad is going to respond.   How will Trump add yuge amounts of manufacturing jobs? He will build alternative fact-tories   Why do women wear make-up and perfume? Because they're ugly...and they smell bad.   My life completely changed after I learned Morse Code Last night, for example, I couldn't fall asleep because the rain kept telling me to go fuck myself.   Why did Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quit the Trump advisory council? He couldn't get a ride...   Knock, knock. -Who's there? -The doctor! -Doctor who? -Yes, that's me!   A Jewish military man from Israel told me this joke. Deep in the desert. Mehmet, an Arab fighter (or militant, if you will) chases an Israeli soldier, let's call him Moshe, with an AK47 gun. Mehmet closes on Moshe and starts firing at him but misses. The chase continues through the desert, there's quite a lot of firing from Mehmet and quite a lot of bullet dodging from Moshe. At one point Mehmet's gun refuses to fire - Mehmet's out of ammunition. Moshe hears the clicking of the empty gun, turns triumphantly to Mehmet and says: "Out of bullets, huh? Wanna buy some?"   A priest asks a custodian to watch the confessional booth while he takes a piss.. While the custodian is quietly waiting, a beautiful, long-legged blonde walks into the booth. She says "Father forgive me for I have sinned it has been 1 month since my last confession, and I have given a blowjob!" The janitor isn't sure what the priest would tell her to do so he pops his head out to ask the altar boy "hey, what do you get for a blowjob!?" The altar boy replies "usually a soda and a candy bar."   I read an article that said it's good for your eyesight to look at something distant occasionally during computer use. So I put a picture of my dad next to the monitor.   What did one tampon say to the other? Nothing, they're both stuck up cunts.   A feminist asked me how I view lesbians... ... apparently in HD wasn't the correct answer.   Had a great time protesting at UC Berkeley! It was a riot!   Why are married women heavier than single women? When single women get home, they settle in, take a peek at what's in the fridge, and head for bed. When married women get home, they settle in, take a peek at what's in bed, and head for the fridge.   Complaint from 3017: These children's long-term zero gravity soccer leagues are raising weak adults. Every kid gets atrophy.   A Jewish military man from Israel told me this joke. Deep in the desert. Mehmet, an Arabic fighter (Or militant, if you will) with an AK47 handgun is chasing a lone Israeli soldier, let's call him Mosche. Mehmet closes on Mosche and starts firing at him but misses. The chase continues, there is quite a lot of firing from Mehmet and quite a lot of bullet dodging from Mosche. At one point Mehmet tries to fire again only to realise he's out of ammunition. Mosche turns to Mehmet triumphantly, looks him squarely in the eye, and says: "I got some bullets in the bag. Wanna buy?"   Told This By A Coworker A While Back Long Btw A man gets home absolutely hammered at 3:00 p.m on a Tuesday and goes up to his wife and says, "I wanna 69 right now". The wife goes "Uhmm, sure". So they get into it and about 20min later there's a knock at the door, so the guy gets a pair of pants on and goes and answers the door. At the door is Johnny the paper boy, and when Johnny sees the guy he starts to laugh really friggin' hard. So the guy goes "What? What's funny?" And Johnny points at his upper lip, so the guy reaches up and wipes his lip, and sees a smear of red on his hand, the guy immediately goes "Oh no, it's not what you think, I was just in the kitchen eating a Jelly sandwich." And Johnny replies "I'm not laughing about the Jelly on your lip, I'm laughing about the peanut butter in your hair."   Tried going to the obesity clinic before work today. But the queue was enormous.   Have you heard the old one about a woman doing a survey on sexual attitudes? She stops an airline pilot and asks him, amongst other things, when he last had sexual intercourse. He replies 1958. Now, knowing airline pilots, the researcher is surprised and queries this. Well, says the pilot, it's only 2110 now. (Credit, John Cleese c. 1991)   When I first met my son I thought he was a whiny little baby. But he grew on me.   The husband asks the wife... The husband asks the wife: -Babe which do you like the best, strawberry or banana? The wife asks him: -Why are you at the Supermarket? The husband replys: No I'm at the pharmacy...   So I almost talked my way out of a speeding ticket by telling the women officer she looked stunning.. Then I fucked up by telling her "and that's not even the drinks talking".   One big happy family. My wife and I got married last summer, we were together since we were teens, she was the only person that wanted to be with me, and she was the only one I wanted to be with, other than my best friend ofcource , hes the only other one Id spend my time with, and it helped that my friend and my then girlfriend ( now wife ) got along very well, in fact she hung out with me because she thought my friend was cute initially ( thats what she said ( no pun intended, or detected ( parenthesis inception ) ) ) Today, I came home early from a business trip, I did not tell my wife about it, I wanted it to be a secret, I did not tell anyone about it. I wanted to surprise her, I wanted her to know that I cared about her and that I will and will always be there for her the thing is my wife had nightmares about me being unalive and that shed be a widow and the only person by her side at my funeral was my friend. I decided go to my best friends house, which a stones throw away from mine first, because I had the strangest gut feeling that he would be with my wife that night Dont get me wrong I love them both and I love the fact that they get along, but I just couldnt get the thought out of my head, and when I went over to his empty house, I had a moment of clarity. I was not mad, I was not angry, I was not enraged, in fact, it was all a seiner blob of thought. All those times when hed as us to have dinner together and Id be the only one whod say no, all those time my wife said he was a cute At this moment, I felt happy . I was glad , I couldnt believe myself. I was glad that my best friend cared this deeply about my wife, and I was glad that my wife loved my best friend this much, I was incredebally happy !! I could now surprise them together in my own bed room !! As I unlocked my house doors, I was careful not to make a sound and wake them up, and as I walked closer to my bed room, I saw two plates in the dining area, and I opened my bed room door as slowly as I could. I was correct My best friend was sleeping in the warm embrace of my wife, and it was so cute, but as I took another step, the floor board creaked and my friend who had a keen ear looked around and saw me. For a moment he did not know what to do, but the very next he jolted towards me; and in the process woke my wife up. When he got close enough, he put his hands on my chest and stared kissing my all over my face, and my wife looked sheepishly at us and fell onto the bed cheekily whilst opening her arms for a hug and said I missed you ... . I kissed my friend and went over to my wife and said, You know, I knew that youd be with him, and I love the both of you for that, while hugging her. My best friend joined in on the hug and I decided at that moment that hed move in with us and would have dinner with us every night. He was now our best friend and the good-est boy we have ever known. We were one big happy family... tl;dr: The devil is in the detail.   A farmer buys a young rooster As soon as it comes home, it screws all the 153 hens... The farmer is impressed thinking about the eggs the hens would hatch. At lunch, the young energetic rooster again screws all the 153 hens. The farmer got tensed up now. Next day, he finds the rooster screwing the ducks the geese and parrot too which scared the hell out of him. Later that day, the farmer finds the rooster lying pale, half-dead vultures circling overhead. Farmer says "You deserved it, you Hot little bastard! you deserve this "The rooster opens one eye, points up says "Ssshhh. Let them land, I've never screwed a vulture in my whole career".....   Oh Darling... Oh darling, since youve started dieting, youve become such a passionate kisser What do you mean, passionate? Im looking for food remains!   I just ended a 5 year relationship today. It's okay. It wasn't my relationship.   Jesus Christ goes up to heaven... He walks up an old man and says "Excuse me but I'm looking for my father. The old man says "That's funny! I'm looking for my son!" Jesus says "Well, actually, my father isn't really my father". The old man says "That's funny! My son isn't really my son!" Jesus says "My father was a carpenter". The old man says "That's funny! I'M a carpenter!!!" Jesus throws his arms around the old man and say "Daaaaaad!" The old many throws his arms around Jesus and says "Pinocchio!!!!"   Juan Pablo Robato walks into a pet store Juan Pablo goes to the front counter. "Hola, my name is Juan Pablo Robato, and I am here to buy a pet. What kinds of animals do you sell here?" "Well, we mostly sell dogs, or doggos as the kids on the internet say." "Do you sell gatos?" Juan Pablo inquired. "Yes we sell cats, put like I said, mostly dogs." "Are there any other animals for sale?" "No, we only have dogs and cats here." Juan Pablo replied "So you're telling me, if I wanted to buy a pet here, I'd have to buy a- " "Doggo or a gato, Mr. Robato." "Ah. I see."   Retribution Jim had just gotten a new car and was out for a drive when he accidentally cut off a truck driver. Truck driver motioned for Jim to pull over. When Jim did, the driver got out of his truck and pulled a piece of chalk from his pocket. He drew a circle on the side of the road and gruffly commanded to Jim, "Stand in that circle and DON'T MOVE!" He then went to Jim's car and cut up its leather seats. When he turned around, Jim had a slight grin on his face, so the driver said, "Oh you think that's funny? Watch this!" He gets a bat out of his truck and breaks every window in Jims car. When he turns and looks at Jim, he has a smile on his face. Driver is getting really mad. He gets his knife back out and slices all its tires. Now Jim is laughing. The truck driver is really starting to lose it. He goes back to his truck and gets a can of petrol, pours it on Jims car and sets it on fire. He turns around and Jim is laughing so hard he is about to fall down. "What's so funny?" the truck driver asked. Jim replied, "Every time you weren't looking, I stepped outside the circle!!"   My roommate was a monster He said he hated me with every inch of his soul. He would take ants and put them on my face and clothes. I did nothing whatsoever at him. I've since left that room, but I wished he didn't antagonize me that much.   A wife treats her husband by taking him to a strip club for his birthday. At the club, the doorman says, "Hi Jim, how are you?" The wife asks, "How does he know you?" Jim says, "Oh dear, I play football with him." Inside the Bartender Says, "The Usual, Jim?" Jim says to Wife, "Before you say anything, He's on the Darts team." Next a stripper Says, "Hi Jim! Do you crave the special again?" The Wife storms out dragging Jim with her jumps into a taxi. The Taxi driver Says, "Hey Jimmy boy! You picked up an ugly one this time..." Jim's Funeral is on Sunday!!!   I couldn't be happier! For the first time in my life a girl told me she loves me. Aren't moms great?   The Raise!! Sam walks into his bosss office and says Sir, Ill be straight with you, I know the economy isnt great, but I have over three companies after me, and I would like to respectfully ask for a raise. After a few minutes of haggling, the boss finally agrees to a 5 raise, and Sam happily gets up to leave. By the way, asks the boss, Which three companies are after you? The electric company, water company, and the phone company!   Why are malay people so thin? Because they muslim.   What turns a fruit into a vegetable? Aids.   What's "meme" in French? Moimoi.   I need help I have a problem of creating topics just for the sake of delivering some lame ass punchline or a pun even if the topic itself is moot, and I need professional help with that. It just happens like one-two and that's that.   It confuses me why people feel comfortable with government surveillance as they have nothing to hide, so nothing to fear.... .but get really scared when I ask them to take their clothes off.   I'm so embarrassed, I got caught getting a blow job by my mum last week.. The worst thing is it was my dad who caught us   The trump family is flying from New York to DC Donald looks down on the cities below and says "I think I'll throw a 1000 bill out of the window and make some american happy. Melanie says "Oh honey why not throw 10 100 bills and make 10 americans happy?" So then Ivanka says "Even better daddy, throw 100 ten dollar bills out of the window and make 100 americans happy?" To that the pilot says " Why dont you all jump out the window and make the whole country happy?" EDIT: Thank you for the gold!!   I found a genie lamp and it turned out to be an "animal" genie I rubbed the strange looking lamp with excitement and the genie proptly came out. Me: "this is great! So, do i get three wishes?" Genie: "no sir, i am a special kind of genie, an animal genie, i can grant you the wish to turn you into any animal you'd like. Any animal, just name it." Me: "well i wasn't expecting this, but dog, definitely dog!" Genie: "really? A dog? I mean, you could be any majestic creature that you want. You could be a formidable rhinoceros or a mighty eagle and soar the skies looking for prey. Maybe even a whale, a dolphin, a fearsome shark, so many options to choose from." Me: "Okay, Do any of those like their own dick and balls?" Genie: "uhh.. no I don't think so" Me: "dog it is! edit: formatting   Paddy and Mick walk past a police station.... Paddy and Mick walk past a police station, with a sign up saying "Two Brazilian men wanted for rape". Paddy turns to Mick and says "Ah Jaysus, dem fuckers always get the best jobs."   I like my women like I like my coffee... Hot and all over my lap while I'm driving.   Aladdin sings to Jasmine "I can show you the woorld.. Except the United States"   What's a young dog's favourite type of pizza? pupperoni   I like my jokes how I like my laundry Dry.   Vegetable rationing Some supermarkets are rationing lettuce, I think this is just the tip of the iceberg...   Your Mother... - Yo mama is hairy, she shaves her legs with a weed wacker. - Yo mama is so fat, when she jumped in the air she got stuck. - Yo mama is so stupid, she tripped over a cordless phone. - Yo mama is so poor, when came over I stepped on a cigarette butt she said "who turned off the heat". - Yo mama is so fat when I walked around her I got lost. - Yo mama is so fat and stupid, when I said it was chilly out, she ran outside with a bowl. - Yo mama is so dumb she tried to drown a fish. - Yo mama is ugly, when she goes shopping they ask her for a bag. - Yo mama is so ugly, she got fired from the zoo. - You mama is so fat, when she jumped in front of my car, I swerved and ran out of gas. Happy Mothers day everybody!   After many years of philosophizing, I have decided to affirm the principle of non-contradiction... ...And deny it.   How is the bar at the ghost wedding set up? Boo's on the left, Spirit's on the right   At the watering hole, an elephant suddenly picked up a tortoise and flung it as far away as he could. A lion asked, "Why'd you do that?" The elephant said, "That's the same one that bit me on the trunk 17 years ago last week." The lion said, "Wow. Amazing memory." The elephant said, "Sure. Turtle recall."   I had a problem with my computer yesterday... So I called Eric, the 11 year old next door, whose bedroom looks like Mission Control and asked him to come over. Eric clicked a couple of buttons and solved the problem. As he was walking away, I called after him, 'So, what was wrong ? He replied, 'It was an ID ten T error.' I didn't want to appear stupid, but nonetheless inquired, 'An, ID ten T error ? What's that? In case I need to fix it again.' Eric grinned .... 'Haven't you ever heard of an ID ten T error before ? 'No,' I replied. 'Write it down,' he said, 'and I think you'll figure it out.' So I wrote down: ID10T I used to like Eric, the little bastard.   What does Scrabble and a circle jerk have in common? It's a great way for a family to come together.   My friend just got an Amazon Echo. I said, "Alexa, hi, how are y--" She said, "I have a boyfriend."   wanna read a dirty joke... ;) a white horse ran through a muddy puddle   Turns out I'm allergic to alcohol ...It's the damnedest thing. After 12 or 13 beers, I throw up!   What currency do they use in outer space? Starbucks.   Ghost walks into a bar Bartender says sorry we don't serve spirits here.   Preston: Knock Knock! Mom: Who's There Preston: Preston. Mom: Preston who? Preston let out a disheartening sigh as he walked away from the door, knowing his mother's Alzheimer's was getting worse.   According to the psychiatrists who studied him, Josef Fritzl is an immature, violently angry and sexually perverted man who had an unhappy childhood and as a consequence behaves in a highly controlling way to everyone around him. I can't help feeling that a lot of heartache could have been avoided if he had done the usual thing and become a PE teacher.   I can say I'm one of those prodigy geniuses who just don't have any enthusiasm. All I need now is to be a genius.   Not quite what she was expecting... Guy: I work with animals every day! Girl: That's so sweet! Are you a vet or a pet shop own- Guy: I'm a butcher.   A John Picks up a Hooker.. A John picks up a hooker. They're on their way to the motel when she just can't stop talking about how awesome her pussy is. They get to the room. She takes off her clothes. She says to the guy, "Put a finger in." He does. "Put two fingers in." He does. "Put four fingers in." He does. "Put your hand in." He does. "Put your other hand in." He does. "Now, clap." He says " I can't." She says, "Tight, isn't it?"   Older couple An older couple is spending time up in the bedroom before turning in for the night. Hubby's reading the paper while his wife is checking herself out in the mirror. Every few minutes, she lets out with a little- "Ooooh!" and "Awww!" Finally, the husband can't concentrate and puts the paper down. "Whaaaat? What the hell is going on with you over there?" "Tsk... it's just that every time I look in the mirror lately, all I see is that I'm getting older and fatter and uglier every day!", she says, pouting. "I could really use a compliment right now." The husband looks her up and down and says- "Well, there's absolutely nothing wrong with your eyesight!"   What Do You Call a Twitchy Boat at the Bottom of the Sea? A nervous wreck.   What's the difference between the show Jackass and CNN news? Suits   Recently I visited my daughter. When I asked her newspaper, she said: Dad, this is the 21st century, take my IPad. What can I say ... this fly did not know what killed her.   A joke for Donald Trump - what do you get when you cross Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles? Killed in a tunnel   A priest was driving along... ... and saw a nun on the side of the road; he stopped and offered her a lift which she gladly accepted. She got in and crossed her legs, forcing her gown to open and reveal a lovely leg. The priest had a look and nearly had an accident. After controlling the car, he stealthily slid his hand up her leg. The nun looked at him and immediately said, "Father, remember psalm 129?" The priest was flustered and apologized profusely. He forced himself to remove his hand. However, he was unable to remove his eyes from her leg. Further on, while changing gear, he let his hand slide up her leg again. The nun once again said, "Father, remember psalm 129?" Once again the priest apologized. "Sorry sister, but the mind is weak." Arriving at the convent, the nun got out, gave him a meaningful glance and went on her way. On his arrival at the church, the priest rushed to retrieve a bible and looked up psalm 129. It Said, "Go forth and seek; further up, you will find glory."   Why do tampons have strings attached to them? So the crabs can go bungee jumping.   What do you call the winner of the beauty pageant for teenagers who've had an abortion? Little miss conception   What did the gangster's son tell his dad when he failed his exams? "Dad, they questioned me for 3 hours, but I never told them anything!"   I know of a guy who fucked millions of people at a time It was a whole nation he did this to. His name is Donald Trump.   I learned out that my wife loves cocktails I told her that it's growing your pubes in one direction and no one does that   What's the difference..... Between and suicide vest and a modern feminist? At least the vest achieves something when it's triggered.   3 surgeons walk into a pub... ...The first claims to be the best surgeon of Texas: "the world's best piano player lost 7 fingers in an accident. I sewed them back on and yesterday, he played a private concert for the queen of England." The second one answeres: "That's nothing. A young man lost both arms and both legs in an accident and I sewed them back on. 2 years later, he won a gold medal at the olympic games." The third physician, who had been silent to this point says: "Amateurs! A couple of years ago, a young businessman overdosed on coke. He rode his horse in front of a train, tried to stop the train and was ripped into pieces. The only thing left was the man's butt and the horses forelock. I patched him up and two weeks ago, this man was sworn in as President of the United States.   What's the first amendment in Super Mario's constitution? Freedom of Peach   John dies due to a car accident In heaven, he sees a wall of very large clocks. He asks the Angel "What up with all these clocks?" Angel answers "These clocks measure lies, every person has one clock assigned to them. Whenever you lie on earth, the clock ticks." The man points towards a clock and asks, "Who's clock does this belong to?" Angel answers 'This clock belongs to Mother Teresa. She has never told a lie, so it hasn't moved." John walks around and sees all sorts of clocks with different times on them. He reaches a room having clocks of the presidents. He notices that it doesn't have Trump's clock. So he asks "Where is Trump's clock?" The Angel replies "That one is in our office, we use it as a table fan."   Fart Football An old married couple no sooner hit the pillows when the old man passes gas and says,"Seven Points." His wife rolls over and says, "What in the world was that?" The old man replied, "It's fart football." A few minutes later his wife lets one go and says "Touchdown, tie score." After about five minutes the old man lets another one go and says, "Aha. I'm ahead 14 to 7." Not to be outdone the wife rips out another one and says, "Touchdown, tie score." Five seconds go by and she lets out a little squeaker and says, "Field goal, I lead 17 to 14." Now the pressure is on the old man. He refuses to get beaten by his wife, so he strains real hard. Since defeat is totally unacceptable, he gives it everything he's got, and accidentally poops the bed..The wife says, "What the heck was that?" The old man says, 'Half time, switch sides"   Groundhog Day is a classic. It sure has great replay value.   A man walks in to a hospital And says to the doctor "I have five penises". The doctor asked him how his pants fitted. "Like a glove" he replied.   I may look like a joke to you.... ...but I'm completely dad inside   If the dove is the bird of peace, what is the bird of true love? The swallow   I don't see anything wrong with the KKK It's just the precursor to 4K TV   Why did the cartographer get kicked out of map making club He had a bad latitude   My friend liked puns too much. We called him a Pundit.   So a Nazi officer just lost his eyesight. I guess he can Nazi anymore.   I apologize for all those things I said and did... I was on a lot of drugs back then. Doctor siad it wasn't enough, so he gave me more drugs. Now I'm better.   What do you call a snowman who trades sex for money? A Frostitute.   I was afraid that I had stepped on my child's hamster this morning... ... but laughed when I double checked. I had just tripped on a little puddle of blood and fur.   Evolutionists found the first humans were a Jewish male, a Georgian male and a Russian female... Their names were Arron Gutan, Chimpanidze and Gavrila...   How does Hitler sneeze? a-jew   What's the difference between an underpowered motorbike and an overused vagina? One's a laggy scooter, and the other's a slaggy cooter!   How does Perry the pea pod greet his mate Kevin the corn kernel? Morn'in cob.   I don't understand why they say ignorance is bliss Trump supporters always seem so unhappy and angry   What's a carrot's favorite type of dancing? Tap root dancing.   What is a 14 year old with two broken arms favorite piece of clothing? Oedipal underwear   What's the best part about dating a homeless man? You can drop him off anywhere   Being buried... Friend 1: What scares you the most? Friend 2: Being buried... Friend 1: Why? Friend 2: I don't want to talk about it, the thought of it scares me to death.   What's the favorite sex position of Git users? Revert cowgirl.   What's the best thing about an Oprah Winfrey joke? You get the joke! You get the joke! You all get the joke!   Ducks Three wisemen die and go to heaven for their good deeds. When they arrived at the gates, an Angel greets them and explains the rules, "Under no circumstances are you to step on a duck". And throwing the gates open the wisemen see ducks as far as the eye could see. The first wiseman goes a week and steps on a duck. The Angel appears and says "Follow me". So the Angel leads him down a long dark hallway to a room with the ugliest creature he'd ever laid eyes on, "This is your spouse for eternity" says the Angel, locking him in and leaving. A month goes by and the second wiseman steps on a duck, the Angel appears and takes him down the long dark hallway to a room with the ugliest creature he's ever seen, tells him that's his spouse now, locks him in and leaves. The last wiseman goes a whole year and doesn't step on a duck, but the Angel appears anyway and tells him to follow. They walk down a long dark hallway to a room with the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen. "Is this my reward for not stepping on ducks?" The Angel smiles, "No, she stepped on a duck" Also while typing this I farted so hard I woke up my wife   Mall Security pick up a lost boy... Mall Security pick up a lost boy at the shopping center. The Mall cop asks, "Who were you with?" The little boy answers, "My Granddad." The Mall cop asks, "What's he like?" The little boy thinks for a moment and replies, "Whisky and women with big tits."   The bartender says, We dont serve time travelers in here. A time traveler walks into a bar...   What do you call a gay black man? A homiesexual.   So I replaced all of the incense in the Friar's chamber with Marijuana He's a High priest now   I got a new radio system in my car the other day. The thing is great, you shout Soul, and it plays Soul. You should Rock, it starts playing Rock. The other day, some kids ran past my car, and I shouted, "FUCKING KIDS!" and it started playing Micheal Jackson.   Why was the blind Mexican only saying "no"? Because he couldn't Si   My Asian friend got his Jewish wife pregnant. I guess "Cha Ching" wasn't an appropriate name suggestion   A couple were at a divorce court just a month after getting married The judge asked the wife " Why you want divorce so soon?" Wife: " He has a problem with premature ejaculation." Husband " I'm totally fine with that, its she who finds it a problem"   Trump never eats russian salad... He knows what Vladmir Putin it.   I had a company that sold miniature bibles that would fit in your wallet, but if failed. The margins were too small.   What do you call a Mormon at a rave? An LDS on LSD   A husband and wife were preparing for a night of wild sex.. When suddenly, before it happened the husband died. The wife was devastated and left unsatisfied. She decided to cut off his penis and keep it to pleasure herself, and she stuck it on a wall, and used it almost daily. Somehow, a neighbor found out about it, removed the penis, put a hole in the wall and stuck his own in there. When the wife got home that day, she walked up to the wall with a knife and said 'honey, we're moving houses.'   Why did the mermaid wear seashells? Because the B shells were too small and the D shells were too big.   A Grasshopper walked into a bar.... A grasshopper walks into a bar and orders a beer. As the bartender sets the beer down in front of the grasshopper, he remarks, "You know, we have a cocktail named after you." The grasshopper looks surprised. "What? You have a cocktail called a Kevin?"   So these three friends went to a park to enjoy their Sunday. Warning: graphic content Jim, Tim and Maximilian found a place near a tree to settle down and lay out their stuff. They'd been through a hectic week and they deserved this break, particularly Tim, who had been through the most. So they pulled out their drinks and lay it on the mat, and set up their radio to play some relaxing music. Jim got out the fruits he brought, and Maximilian carefully took out his lasagna while the three were engaging in small talk. "Beautiful day, right Tim?" said Jim, as Tim murmured a soft yes while frantically searching in his giant bag. Maximilian noticed something was wrong, and asked "What's the matter, Tim?" Tim said, "I made six Cubanos this morning, I see only two." Maximilian responded, "Don't worry, we can manage with two and what we've got here." Tim anxiously said, "No you don't understand, I spent an awful lot of time learning how to make these and spent the whole night yesterday and morning today so I could get these right." Jim: "Tim, you've been through a lot this week, you should've taken some rest instead. Take a seat, no worries we'll share." "Shut the fuck up," came the blunt response from Tim as he almost dove into his bag desperately trying to find his remaining four Cubanos. A concerned Maximilian commented, "This guy really needs to chill, he's taking this way too seriously." Tim snapped, and he jumped on Maximilian and brutally beat him up, before stepping on his face until he was bleeding profusely and unable to move. A shocked Jim took two steps back before charging at Tim, who tackled him and immediately threw him to the ground and delivered some hard punches to Jim's stomach before smashing a glass bottle on his head, leaving him unconscious. Just as Maximilian recovered, Tim held him to the tree and stabbed him with the broken glass bottle. Maximilian slumped as Tim watched both of them, standing in his bloodied t-shirt and panting heavily. A bystander nearby saw all of this and said to his friend: "It looks like that guy was a few sandwiches short of a picnic."   Why can't you trust atoms? Because they make up everything.   Why do all gay men sound the same? Because they are Homonyms   Giving birth isn't as painful as being kicked in the nuts I've never heard a man say 'let's do that again' afterwards   A new exchange student from Spain came into our class. We made fun of his accent at first, but it quickly became clear he was incredibly intelligent. Everyone was surprised. No one expected the Spanish erudition.   Call a girl beautiful 1,000 times and she'll never notice. Call a girl fat once and she'll never forget it. Because elephants never forget.   Why aren't Alpacas good in the porn idustry? Because spitters are quitters   Just left an interview and they told me there'd be a drug test. I'm not worried, though. I know a lot about drugs, so it should be a pretty easy test.   Engineers and Lawyers Three lawyers are buying tickets for a train to Chicago. Ahead of them in line, three engineers purchase a single ticket. One of the lawyers asks, "How are you going to travel with just a ticket between the three of you?" "Watch and you'll see," winks one of the engineers. The train arrives, and the six of them climb on. The three lawyers take their seats while the three engineers pile into a bathroom. The train gets underway. A conductor starts making his rounds. Noticing the bathroom is occupied, he knocks on the door and asks, "Ticket, please." The door cracks open a hair, and a single ticket is offered. The conductor punches it, and continues on. The three lawyers admit that this is a good trick, and that they should try it on their next journey. As luck would have it, after spending a few days in Chicago, they see that the three engineers will be on board their train. The lawyers purchase a single ticket for the three of them, while the engineers don't buy a ticket at all. One of the lawyers asks, "How are you going to ride, if you don't have a ticket?" "Watch and you'll see," came the reply. The lawyers get on the train, and scramble into a bathroom. The engineers cram themselves into an adjacent bathroom. The train leaves, and picks up speed. One of the engineers gets out of the bathroom, walks over to the lawyers' bathroom, and knocks. "Ticket, please."   KGB Agents Two KGB Agents talk: - What happened to him? - He ate bad mushrooms - Why are there beating marks on the body? - He didn't want to eat them   Had a job interview today I was in a job interview today. The interviewing manager handed me his laptop and said, "I want you to try and sell this to me." So I put the laptop under my arm, walked out of the building, and went home. Eventually he called my mobile and said, "Bring it back here right now!" I said, "200 and it's yours." Didn't get the job btw...   What did the stoner name his daughter? Mary Joanna   A Crayola truck just got robbed for profit We're currently searching for the purple traders   The U.S., the U.K, Germany and France all start a new game of Dungeons and Dragons in 2017. What's the first action the U.S. makes? A Constitution saving throw.   I didn't know whether to use ser or estar.... I didn't expect the Spanish indecision   What did the college student call noodles in a kettle? Spaghe-tea, and crippling tuition costs mixed with overpriced parking fees and the text book industry scam charging him 150 fucking dollars for an edition that is just two words longer than the previous one.   NotMyGroundhog Cold weather triggers me   What do you call a loud, mentally disabled dog? A sub-ruffer.   Did you hear about the woman who backed into an airplane? Disaster.   What do you get when you mix sodium hydroxide with hydrochloric acid? Water, and rleagueoflegends   Two Jewish brothers are walking down the street. They pass a Protestant church whose sign read "Convert to Christianity, Receive 2000". One of the brothers said "I'm going in there to check this out" His brother says "You can't possibly be thinking about converting to Christianity! This is your people this is your heritage!" his brother says "No no, I'm just going to see why they're doing it" After two hours he comes out of the church and says to his brother "I have converted to Christianity, I believe that Jesus is the true lord and savior of humanity and that he will return to earth to bless us and take us to heaven for an eternity of everlasting bliss". His brother says "Well what about the 2000?" He says "What is it with you people and money?"   When a girl sleeps around, she gets called easy... But when I do it, all I get is crabs.   Trump has been looking smaller and smaller lately. He's on the low-fact diet.   Have you heard the joke about the man with a micropenis? He had a micropenis. That's the joke. Short, isn't it?   One afternoon a lawyer was riding in his limousine... when he saw two men along the road-side eating grass. Disturbed, he ordered his driver to stop and got out to investigate. He asked one man, "Why are you eating grass?" "We don't have any money for food," the poor man replied. "We have to eat grass." "Well, then, you can come with me to my house and I'll feed you," the lawyer said. "But sir, I have a wife and two children with me. They are over there, under that tree." "Bring them along," the lawyer replied. Turning to the other poor man he stated, "You may come with us, also." The second man, in a pitiful voice, then said, "But sir, I also have a wife and SIX children with me!" "Bring them all as well," the lawyer answered. They all entered the car, which was no easy task, even for a car as large as the limousine was. Once under way, one of the poor fellows turned to the lawyer and said, "Sir, you are too kind." "Thank you for taking all of us with you. The lawyer replied, "Glad to do it. You'll really love my place. The grass is almost a foot high."   A lesbian goes to the gynaecologist... He shines his pen torch and has a decent look "Crikey, it's extremely clean in here, Mrs", she smiles and replies "It bloody well should be. I get a woman in three times a week"   I went to see Don Quixote at the theater yesterday and there was a short break in the middle of the play. We didn't know it would happen, no one expected the Spanish intermission.   How to make scrambled eggs Step 1: Find omelette recipe Step 2: Follow omelette recipe until folding step Step 3: Try to fold the omelette in the pan Step 4: Fuck it up because how the fuck do you even do that Step 5: Enjoy scrambled eggs   I knew an Indian who drank so much tea that he died in his tea pee   A group of 5 guys were sitting around and talking. A group of 5 guys were sitting around and talking. Guy 1: People who date both guys and girls are gross. They are terrible people. Guy 2: Yeah, none of them are good. Guy 3: If there is anyone here that thinks they arent the worst, you can leave. Guy 4: Wow you look mad, Guy 5, are you one of those bad gay types? Guy 5, walking out the door: No, good bi.   Wow, Donald Trump is President. I haven't seen Democrats this mad since.... ...slavery was outlawed and the desegregation of public schools!   I'm not addicted to cocaine I just like the way it smells.   Four professionals are interviewing for a math-intensive position in a company The shortlist of applicants includes a mathematician, a physicist, an engineer, and an accountant. To begin each interview, the representative from HR poses a simple math problem to warm up the candidates. What is 4518? The mathematician immediately responds "63". The physicist responds "63, plus or minus 10". The engineer thinks for a moment and responds "63, but for safety, let's call it 70". The accountant shuts the door, checks over his shoulder, leans in close to the desk, and whispers "how much do you want it to be?"   What's the difference between a rock musician and a jazz musician? A rock musician plays 3 chords for 20,000 people, and a jazz musician plays 20,000 chords for 3 people   What's green and fuzzy and if it falls out of a tree it will kill you? A pool table.   What's the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniels? Jack Daniels is still killing Indians.   Why does Helen Keller masturbate with one hand? So she can moan with the other!   Why do Jewish people have circumcised penises? Because they're 20 off   What do you call a Muslim walrus? A halalrus   (read in vampire voice) Do you know what is ironic about a vampire penis? You, suck it.   What's the best way to run Meincraft on a Windows computer? By using DOS-Fuhrer   A bartender says "Hey! We don't serve faster-than-light particles here!" A tachyon flies into a bar.   How do farmers get the party started? They turnip the beets.   What do you call a piece of corn all by itself? A Unicorn.   Puxatony Phil has seen his shadow... burned permanetly into a stone wall. He's predicted a nuclear winter.   What did Neil Gorsuch say when asked why he ruled against Roe v Wade? Not my precedent   An older couple is driving down the highway... An older couple is driving down the highway when they get pulled over by a State Trooper. The cop walks up to the driver side window and asks, "Do you know how fast you were going?" And from the passenger's side, he hears a woman yell, "WWHHAAAAAT?!?" The driver turns to her and shouts, "HE WANTS TO KNOW HOW FAST WE WERE GOING!!!" Turning back to the cop, the old man says, "Sorry about that officer. My wife is pretty hard of hearing. And if we were driving a little too fast, I apologize and promise to slow it down." The cop says, "Uh huh. And where abouts are you folks headed?" And again, "WWHHAAAAATT?!?!" "HE WANTS TO KNOW WHERE WE'RE GOING!! I'm sorry, Officer.... Uh, Michigan. We're on our way to see our Grandson." And the cop says, "Michigan, huh? Yeah, I used to know a gal up in Michigan. Worst sex I ever had." The old lady yells, "WWHHHAAAAATT?!?!" and her husband turns to her and shouts, "HE SAYS HE THINKS HE KNOWS YOU!!"   I hate grammar Nazis But I love the alt-write. I'll be here until I start yesterday's hw   Saw a midget carrying a television the other day I asked him if he need any help carrying the television. He told me to fuck off and said its an ipad.   I really don't like punchlines They hurt.   What do you call a female to male surgery? addadicktome   It's rude to call someone a fob You just assumed they understand English   How do jews celebrate Christmas? By installing a parking meter on the roof.   What do you call a snobbish criminal going down the stairs? A condescending con descending   I got fired from my job at Whole Foods They caught me selling half foods!!!   Squaring numbers is just like girls If they're under 13, just do them in your head   How many vampires does it take to screw in a lightbulb? It depends if you Count Dracula.   What is the worst part of having sex with a 4 year old? Getting the blood out of the clown costume can be such a bitch   My girlfriend and I were about to go for a late night walk. Her dad said, "Don't forget to wrap up." I said, "Don't be silly, she's on the pill."   Do you want to satisfy your hardcore food fetish? Buy my new book: 50 Shades of Grey Poupon   Why can't Americans watch Lord of the Rings? They don't have the Two Towers.   TIL Donald Trump played Football when he was in college. He played de fence.   A young man and his date were parked... ... on a back road some distance from town. They were about to have sex when the girl stopped. I really should have mentioned this earlier, but Im actually a hooker and I charge 20 for sex. The man reluctantly paid her, and they did their thing. After a cigarette, the man just sat in the drivers seat looking out the window. Why arent we going anywhere? asked the girl. Well, I should have mentioned this before, but Im actually a taxi driver, and the fare back to town is 25   According to a radio report, a middle school in Oregon was faced with a unique problem. A number of girls were beginning to use lipstick and would put it on in the bathroom. That was fine, but after they put on their lipstick, they would press their lips to the mirror leaving dozens of little lip prints. Finally, the principal decided that something had to be done. She called all the girls to the bathroom and met them there with the maintenance man. She explained that all these lip prints were causing a major problem for the custodian who had to clean the mirrors every night. To demonstrate how difficult it was to clean the mirrors, she asked the maintenance guy to clean one of the mirrors. He took out a long-handled squeegee, dipped it into the toilet and then cleaned the mirror. Since then there have been no lip prints on the mirror.   Told an inmate to have a safe drive home. I'm a corrections officer, getting ready to head out at shift change: Inmate: "drive home safe" Me: "yeah you too..." Me: (thinking "oops, ouch") Coworker: "Muahahaha" Inmate: (hops into his imaginary car and shuffles to his cell making farting engine noises, screeches the brakes, steps out of his car and into his cell. Pokes his head out) "Made it home safe dad" Me and my coworker burst out laughing   What's a Viking leaders pleasure? Leif Blower   I once bought condoms the day before a girl I was dating broke up with me. I suffer from premature emasculation.   A man was stopped by a game warden in Northern Michigan.. A man was stopped by a game warden in Northern Michigan recently with two buckets of fish leaving a lake well known for its fishing. The game warden asked the man, Do you have a license to catch those fish? The man replied to the game warden, No, sir. These are my pet fish. Pet fish?! the warden replied. Yes, sir. Every night I take these here fish down to the lake and let them swim around for a while. I whistle and they jump back into their buckets, and I take em home. Thats a bunch of hooey! Fish cant do that! The man looked at the game warden for a moment, and then said, Here, Ill show you. It really works. O.K. Ive GOT to see this! The game warden was curious now. The man poured the fish into the lake and stood and waited. After several minutes, the game warden turned to the man and said Well? Well, what? the man responded. When are you going to call them back? the game warden prompted. Call who back? the man asked. The FISH. What fish? the man asked.   Today is a ballerinas favorite day... Its 2-2   I never knew my ex wanted me back so much. In fact, today he called me "white trash" because he just had to take me out.   What's the same about the force and herpes? They will be with you, always.   If sneezing means someone's thinking about you... I guess that explains why I never got sick before   Whats clean and dirty at the same time? A single guy just out of the shower.   Why do magicians never perform tricks behind windows? Because they are a pane to do tricks behind.   What do you call a singing computer? A-Dell   Why are there so many bakeries in the Deep South ? Because all the people down there are inbred   MOMMY MOMMY, I DONT WANT TO VISIT GRAMPA! Shut up and keep digging...   You know who's a real lady killer? David Berkowitz (aka Son of Sam)   What does a dog get after going to college? A pedigree.   Tourettes I took my wife to the doctors today to sort out her tourettes. Turns out she doesnt have it, I actually am a cunt and she really does want me to fuck off.   Blonde woman walks into a library Walks up to the front counter, sees the attendant and says 'Hello there, I'll have a burger and a large fries please' The attendant, politely responds 'I'm sorry love, but this is actually a library' Mortified and red faced the blonde lady looks around and whispers back 'I'm so sorry, I'll have a burger and large fries please'   Viagra Viagra should be classified as a hard drug.   Heaven's New Rule God was sitting with St. Peter and let him know of a new rule he wanted to implement. "If someone's last day on Earth is terrible, they get one more day." St. Peter was standing at the Pearly Gates ready to enact Heaven's new rule when the first soul approached. St. Peter said "My son, tell me about your last day on Earth" First Guy "St. Peter you wouldn't believe my last day on Earth! So I get home early from work and go to my 19th floor apartment. I open the door and there's a trail of men and women's clothes leading to my bedroom. There on the bed was my wife naked and sweaty. You bitch! You're cheating on me!? I screamed. So I tore through the apartment looking for the guy. I looked under the bed and in the closet, no one was there. On my way to check the living room I see two hands hanging onto my balcony railing. I throw open the sliding door and start kicking the hands and yelling at the guy. He falls 19 floors and hits the ground, but he's still squirming. So I go to the kitchen and push my fridge over to the balcony and over the railing. It nails the guy. I turn around and go to yell at my wife when I die of a heart attack." SP "You poor man! Go have an extra day" Well now the second soul is approaching the Gates, so St. Peter says "My son, tell me about your last day on Earth" Second Guy "St. Peter my last day was AWFUL! So I'm gardening on the 20th floor of my apartment building when I lose my balance and fall. Thankfully I managed to catch the railing right below my balcony. When out of nowhere this lunatic appears and starts kicking my hands and screaming something about sleeping with his wife. I fall from the balcony, and the last thing I remember seeing is a fridge falling towards me." SP snickering "Go have your day!" A third soul is approaching the Gates so St. Peter says. "My son, tell me about your last day on Earth" Third Guy "So I'm naked in a fridge...."   What is the Latin word for Hipster? Pretentious Pretentious   Three men find a genies lamp. After a horrific plane crash three men end up on a desserted island. An Englishman, a Frenchman and a German. While searching for shelter, they discover a genies lamp. The Frenchman grabs it and rubs it......poof the genie appears and grants them each one wish. The Frenchman speaks up first "I want all my people togeather, every French speaking person to be in our own beautiful island. We can enjoy the arts, drink wine and smoke in church." Instantly the Frenchman disappeared. The German was very intrigued and asked for the same, "I want all my people togeather on an island, we can drink beer and eat bratwurst. Poof he disappeared. The genie asked the Englishman if he wanted the same. "Are all the French and Germans really isolated on their own islands." The genie confirms they were. " Shit then I'm good, does this place gave wifi?"   What kind of tea is sometimes hard to swallow ? Reality .   My mother keeps asking me when I am going to get married And my answer is always the same, "I'm sorry, mom, but I'm afraid you will not live until that moment. You have cancer."   What has 9 arms and sucks? Def Leppard.   Why did the blonde get into a car accident? She thought "dodge" and "ram" were instructions   Liberals declared leukemia to be racist There's too many white cells.   We were having a family dinner when my grandma started telling one of her old holocaust survival stories I said, "Stop it, grandma, this is not germane right now."   What was one of Gregory Mendel's conclusions Death.   What do you call a con artist with a degree in psycology? Sigmund Fraud.   "Girl, are you a popular work of fiction?" "Because I want to self-insert myself into you."   My girlfriend is quite selfish in the bedroom I gave her an orgasm last night and she spat it back in my face   They had to stop the leprosy hockey game Due to a face-off in the corner. Thank you, thank you, I'll be here all week, don't forget to tip your waitress   An Israeli doctor says... An Israeli doctor says: "In Israel, medicine is so advanced that we cut off a man's liver put them on another man, and in 6 weeks, he is looking for work." The German doctor says: "That's nothing, in Germany we take part of a brain, put it in another man, and in 4 weeks he is looking for work." The Russian doctor says: "Gentlemen, we take half a heart from a man, put it in another's chest, and in 2 weeks he is looking for work." The American doctor laughs: "You all are behind us. Two days ago, we took a man with no brains, no heart, and no liver and made him President. Now, the whole country is looking for work!"   My waifu is the square root of -100 She's a perfect 10, but imaginary.   I just turned on nickelodeon and saw bob the builder building a wall... ... to keep Dora from exploring.   "What line should we wait in for food?" "Pho queue"   I don't date coworkers... Not for lack of trying...it just hasn't worked out so far.   Little Carol... Little Carol came into the kitchen where her mother was making dinner. Her birthday was coming up and she thought this was a good time to tell her mother what she wanted. "Mom, I want a bike for my birthday." Now, Little Carol was a bit of a troublemaker. She had gotten into trouble at school and at home. Carol's mother asked her if she thought she deserved to get a bike for her birthday. Little Carol, of course, thought she did. Carol's mother, been a Christian woman, wanted her to reflect on her behavior over the last year, and write a letter to God and tell him why she deserved a bike for her birthday. Little Carol stomped up the steps to her room and sat down to write God a letter. Letter 1: Dear God, I have been a very good girl this year and I would like a bike for my birthday. I want a red one. Your friend, Carol Carol knew this wasn't true. She had not been a very good girl this year, so she tore up the letter and started over. Letter 2: Dear God, This is your friend Carol. I have been a pretty good girl this year, and I would like a red bike for my birthday. Thank You, Carol Carol knew this wasn't true either. So she tore up the letter and started again. Letter 3: Dear God, I know I haven't been a good girl this year. I am very sorry. I will be a good girl if you just send me a red bike for my birthday. Thank you, Carol Carol knew, even if it was true, this letter was not going to get her a bike. By now, she was very upset. She went downstairs and told her mother she wanted to go to church. Carol's mother thought her plan had worked because Carol looked very sad. "Just be home in time for dinner," her mother said... Carol walked down the street to the church and up to the altar. She looked around to see if anyone was there. She picked up a statue of the Virgin Mary, slipped it under her jacket and ran out of the church, down the street, into her house, and up to her room. She shut the door and sat down and wrote her letter to God... Letter 4: I GOT YOUR MAMA. IF YOU WANT TO SEE HER AGAIN, SEND THE BIKE. Signed, YOU KNOW WHO   There's a strange movie called "Being Vladimir Putin." It's about a Russian dictator who discovers a secret door in the Kremlin that magically leads up the asshole of Donald Trump.   Why didn't the Tibetan girl trust her boyfriend? Himalayan   What's the last thing you want to hear when you're blowing Willie Nelson? "So...I'm not actually Willie Nelson."   There are 10 types of people Those who recycle binary jokes, and those who recycle other jokes.   Abortion jokes are really shallow... They always fail to deliver.   A dyslexic person... Walks into a bra   "How did Trump become president?!?!" Asks the country getting its weather forecast from a groundhog.   A penguin goes to the mechanic A penguin's car breaks down and he takes the car to the mechanic. The mechanic tells him to come back in an hour. The penguin goes wandering around town and he stumbles upon an ice cream store. He buys some ice cream and goes back to the mechanic. The mechanic says "It looks like you blew a seal." The penguin responds "No, no, its just ice cream."   Last week was my 40th birthday. I really didn't feel like waking up that morning. I managed to pull myself together and go downstairs for breakfast, hoping my wife would be pleasant and say, "Happy Birthday!", and possibly have a small present for me. As it turned out, she barely said good morning, let alone "Happy Birthday." I thought... Well, that's marriage for you, but the kids... They will remember. My kids came trampling down the stairs to breakfast, ate their breakfast, and didn't say a word to me. So when I made it out of the house and started for work, I felt pretty dumpy and despondent. As I walked into my office, my secretary Joanne said, "Good Morning Boss, and by the way Happy Birthday!" It felt a bit better knowing that at least someone remembered. I worked in a zombie like fashion until about one o'clock, when Joanne knocked on my door and said, "You know, it's such a beautiful day outside, and it's your Birthday, why don't we go out for lunch, just you and me." I said, "Thanks, Joanne, that's the best thing I've heard all day. Let's go!" We went to lunch but not where we'd normally go. Instead she took me to a quiet bistro with a private table. We had a couple of mixed drinks and I enjoyed the meal tremendously. On the way back to the office, Joanne said, "You know, It's such a beautiful day... We don't have to go right back to the office, do we?" I replied with "I suppose not. What do you have in mind?" She said, "Let's go to my apartment, it's just around the corner." After arriving at her apartment, Joanne turned to me and said, "Boss if you don't mind, I'm goinna to step into the bedroom for just a moment. I'll be right back." "Ok." I nervously replied. She went into the bedroom and, after a couple of minutes, she came out carrying a huge birthday cake... Followed by my wife, my kids, and dozens of my friends, and co-workers, all singing "Happy Birthday". And I just sat there... On the couch... In my birthday suit.   A Jewish man Sent his son on a trip to Israel When his son returned, it was brought up that, while on the trip, he had converted to Christianity. Distraught, the Jewish man went to a close friend of his and explained the situation. The other man replied, "Well that's strange, I too sent my son to Israel a Jew, and he too came back a Christian!" The two men were saddened, yes, but also intrigued. They went to their Rabbi with the concerns, again explaining the situation. As they were explaining what had happened, the Rabbi had a pained look on his face, and when they were done he responded, "Well that's strange, my son went on the same trip as a Jew, and he too came back a Converted Christian!" The three men devised a plan to figure out what was going on. They got on a plane and flew to Israel, determined to find out what was converting their sons! They found nothing, and went to the West Wall to pray about it. They screamed to the sky, "GOD, WE HAVE SENT OUR SONS TO ISRAEL AS JEWS, AND THEY CAME BACK CHRISTIAN, WHY HAVE YOU DONE THIS TO US?!" There was a moment of complete silence, followed by a booming voice from the sky... "Well that's strange..."   Iran bans Americans from traveling there. Won't beheading there anymore   Elephants weigh more than rats. weigh more.   I had bad breath this morning So I exSpeaminted with Wrigleys gum.   If Trump says, "Fuck You" to you, don't be angry... because rather being angry, you need to be worried. He is a man of his words, so run and hide if you can.   What is the most literary vegetable? A punion   A pregnant woman and husband attend a pregnancy class together. The doctor is explaining to the class how to make pregnancy and delivery easier on the couples. He goes on to explain how it's very beneficial to walk during the pregnancy, as it is good for exercise and such. The doctor explains to the husbands they should encourage it by accompanying them on their walks. A slow pace and frequent stops is recommended, as well as walking on grass or other softer surfaces. After the doctor finishes he asks for questions and one husband raises his hand. The husband says "would it be ok for her to carry the clubs too?"   I went up to this really cute homeless girl and asked if I could take her home She looked ecstatic until I picked up her box and started walking away   Why is the nose in the middle of the face? Its the scenter.   Why are black people so good at basketball? because it's all about running, shooting, and stealing.   Why are Samurai so easy to kill? There are only chinks in the armor   What is the Mexicans favourite game? Borderlands   America in the 1930s be like: I have crippling depression.   A partially deaf guy and his wife are having a baby. The wife has a fairly hard labor, there were a few complications but all was well and now have a beautiful baby girl. The husband turns to the doctor and asks, "So doc, when can we..uhh..be intimate again?" The doctor smiles and tells the man, "About 6 to 8 weeks." The man loses his shit and yells, "68 WEEKS!" Disclaimer: This is a totally true story that happened to my loving mother and father who tell this story every chance they get.   How do you call a Fay in black robes? It is a Faygoth   What is E.T. short for? He has really small legs   Stop with all the Chuck Norris jokes It's not like he's god, he's just an actor who played a character. If he is indeed a god, I dare him to appear in my house and do his worsdhrgusfjdfhcyzyhuxujxxuxuxz448"7"77dufnfjufkfickggbnffu37jkvocififfiesduducififiiewskofuayaudofoifdud2645udux3kfkfidiiif   I'm so horny. I need to go home and pound my wife ...in the head with a skillet, so she can't hear me and the girl I brought home having sex.   How much does high speed internet cost in Australia? NINE-HUNDRED DOLLARYDOOS   Why do marxists only drink herbal tea? Because proper tea is theft.   What do you call 100 rabbits walking backwards? A receding hare line   "Hi there, I'm here for Club Paradox" Actually this is Oxymoron Club. "Ok, same difference." looks at group Oh, this guy is good.   Why did the black guy have cocaine sprinkled on him? The cops were out of bullets.   I was changing the 15 fuses at the Buzzfeed HQ building Number 5 shocked me.   So the British government have just produced a white paper detailing their plan of leaving the EU Well, they weren't about to use black or brown paper now were they?   What do you call a Cuban that immagrated to Spain? Spain-ish   Me and my dad have been butting heads... ... since before I was born   Have you heard about the vampire turned poet? He went from bat ... to verse!   What do you call a female magician? An assistant.   I saw a black man... I saw a black man in Nikes running down the street carrying a 55" TV and I thought to myself, "Is that mine?" Then I remembered that mine wears Reebok.   My penis was in the Guinness book of world records... Until the librarian screamed at me to take it out.   Muslims in America removed   What do you call a group of French rabbits running backwards? A retreating hare line.   Why is the space between a woman's breasts and her hips called a waist? 18 Why is the space between a woman's breasts and her hips called a waist? Because you could easily fit another pair of tits in there.   Why are feminists so good at math? Theyre skilled at triggernometry.   Police arrested two kids yesterday One was drinking battery acid, the other was eating fireworks. They charged one and let the other one off.   I'm like a bull in a China Shop... If "China Shop" is what you call your mom. OC   What is the worst part about time travelling jokes? Punchline? Never heard of him.   When someone asks why you don't have muscles "My muscles are just like John Cena. You can't see me"   Didn't know groundhogs are part Didn't know groundhogs are part of the Stark family . They always think Winter is coming.   My dog has been acting up lately... I think it's fed up with it's gender.   How many Presidents does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None. He's too busy screwing his daughter in the oval office.   It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs... Because they always take things literally.   So I left my Adderall in my Ford Fiesta last night... Now it's a Ford Focus.   The NATO battleplan began to fall apart just as the battle started. All the nations troops were in the planned positions. However what no one expected was the Spanish in-position.   Pornhub now makes you view an ad before you can watch your video. Is this what the world is coming to?   Why did the guitar player get arrested? For fingering a minor.   Want to hear a joke? So did Helen Keller.   Which came first, the chicken or the egg? The cock.   Stringed Bikini's Stringed Bikini's are making our beaches see-shores.   I asked Yoda for his opinion of the play Les Miserables "Lame is."   What do you call a baby horse, wrapped in aluminum, who was stopped from committing his dastardly plan? A Foiled Foil Foal   What's the biggest similarity between feminists and linebackers? Everything that happens to them is offensive.   A drunk guy walks into a bus and sits next to a very ugly lady. The drunk guy stares at her and says: -Shit, you are the ugliest woman I've ever seen in my life. The lady looks back at him and says: What about you? You are wasted and you look disgusting! The drunk guy replies: -That's true, but i'll be fine tomorrow.   Jesus walks into a restaurant with his Apostles... and says to the host, "Table for 26 please". The host, confused said, "but Jesus, it's just you and your 12 Apostles, that only makes 13". To this Jesus replied, "Yeah, but we're only going to sit on one side of the table."   I became a proud dad today! My son is actually 4 but he was a boring little cunt for the first 3 years.   What is the difference between a sadist and a masochist? One practices the golden rule.   TIL short people experience an wage gap comparable to that of blacks They should really rise up against it   What's the difference between 3 dicks and a joke? Your mum can't take a joke.   How can you tell if you're best friend is gay? If his dick tastes like shit.   A step-by-step guide of how to tell if your girlfriend is cold: 1) She won't stop fucking telling you.   Last night, my wife asked me to make her "feel like a woman" I took off my shirt, and told her to iron it.   Why couldn't the man remember where he left his glasses? It was all a blur.   I'm not anti Semitic I'm anti semantic I can't stand a wordy Jew   What's the difference between a good secretary and a great secretary? A good one says, "Good morning." A great one says, "It's morning."   There are 10 types of people in the world... .. those who understand binary, and those who get laid.   My buddy was watching a video of an NFL player involved in domestic violence. I asked, "What position did he play?" He answered..... Kicker   Why do Frenchmen have a hard time counting to four? Because there's a tree in the way.   Melania and Ivanka were having a conversation in the rose garden. Melania asked Ivanka if she could go into the house and grab something her. "I'm going to need a few secret service agents for that" replied Ivanka. Melania nods her approval. After 15 minutes, Ivanka and the agents are struggling out the door trying to balance this huge beautiful light fixture. Melania is now very irritated and angrily yells out "I can't take this anymore! Where's my husband!? What do I need a chandelier for!? I asked you to bring out that broken charlatan!"   I swear, the other day I bought a packet of peanuts, I swear, the other day I bought a packet of peanuts, and on the packet it said ''may contain nuts.'' Well, YES! That's what I bought the buggers for! You'd be annoyed if you opened it and a socket set fell out!'   What's the toughest commandment for IV drug users to follow? Don't take God's name in vein.   What do Germans call a broken toilet? A scheizer geyzer.   11 a.m. is always such a hard time for me I should probably stop taking Viagara with breakfast.   The story of John, the betting salior. John was a young military salior with an unusual ability. He could make very off-the-wall predictions, and he had a knack for making money off them. One day, a shipmate finds him making a small X on the deck with tape, and asks what he's doing. John stands up. "I'll bet you fifty bucks, in exactly an hour a seagull will fly over, and shit exactly on this spot." The other man laughs, says "You're on!", and they shake on it. They both come back to the deck close to an hour later. After a few minutes, sure enough, they hear the calls of a gull, followed by a faint splat. The salior looks down in disbelief at the pile of bird shit on the center of the tape. He pays up. A couple of days pass. It's a beautiful day, not a cloud in the sky. Back on the deck, another salior finds John walking around in his rain coat, and asks why he's wearing such odd attire on such a pretty day. "I'll bet you 100 dollars that you're gonna regret not wearing yours too in just a minute." The second man looks at him, and takes the bet. He begins to walk away, but before he can take a dozen steps, a single dark cloud forms in the sky and begins to soak the entire ship. These strange bets continue, and before long, news reaches the captain of the ship. He wants this madman off his boat. He calls some friends in high places, and gets John transfered to another vessel. A few days later, he receives a phone call from the commander of the destroyer John was placed on. "You know," says the commander, "I don't see why you wanted him gone so bad. I've already won five thousand from him. He's not as good as you said." "What? How'd you pull that off?" The commander laughs. "The idiot bet me that I had hemorrhoids! I've never had them in my life, easy money! It was a little awkward proving it, but worth it." "How'd you prove it?" "Simple. I pulled down my pants, and showed him my asshole. He still didn't believe me, so he grabbed a broom and poked at me, and finally was convinced. Easiest five grand I've ever made." There was a silence, and the captain finally said, "Throw that son of a bitch overboard right now." "What? Why?" asked the commander. "Because on his last day before the transfer, he bet me twenty thousand that he'd willingly have a broomstick up your ass by the end of the first week."   What's a Jewish person's favourite martial arts? Judo   Ole the Norwegian Insurance Salesman Ole, the smoothest Norske in the Minnesota National Guard and a natural born salesman, got called up to active duty. Ole's first assignment was in a military induction center. Because he was a good talker, they assigned him the duty of advising new recruits about government benefits, especially the GI life insurance, to which they were entitled. The officer in charge soon noticed that Ole was getting a 99 sign-up rate for the more expensive supplemental form of GI insurance. This was remarkable, because it cost these low-income recruits 30 per month for the higher coverage, compared to what the government was already providing at no charge. The officer decided he'd sit in the back of the room at the next briefing and observe Ole's sales pitch. Ole stood up before the latest group of inductees and said"If you haf da normal GI insurans an' yoo go to Afghanistan an' get yourself killed, da governmen' pays yer beneficiary 20,000. If yoo take out da supplemental insurans, vich cost you only t'irty dollars a mont, den da governmen' got ta pay yer beneficiary 200,000! Now, Ole concluded,"Vich bunch you tink dey gonna send ta Afghanistan first?   What group of limbed people is the worst at karate The deaf   A Blonde's Brain Q: What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? A: Pregnant.   Little Tommy asks his mom if he can have some animal crackers Little Tommy asks his mom if he can have some animal crackers. His mom gives him a box of crackers and tells him he can have a few. His mom leaves and comes back in a few minutes finding all of the crackers on the floor with Tommy looking through them. His mother asks "What are you doing Tommy?" Tommy replies "It said don't eat if the seal was already broken. But I can't find a seal!"   What do you get if you combine an organ and jam? A hearty breakfast   Earbuds so today one of my friend was wearing ear buds and im like: YOU MAY HAVE EAR BUDS, BUT I GOT MY BUDS EAR! and i grabbed my friends ear.   A man wearing a turban walks into a doctor's office... and the doctor says "What's wrong with you?", to which the man replies "Doctor, can't you see I'm Sikh?"   If you don't want your grades to sink like the titanic..... You should try to keep them above C level   I used my Google Rewards on a video of Caitlyn Jenner It was worth the transaction   A man goes to the doctor's office with a black eye... The doctor asks, "How did this happen?" The man says, "Well doctor, you're not going to believe this, but this happened at church! The pastor asked us all to stand, and when we did I noticed the woman in front of me had a wedgie. So naturally, I reached forward and pulled her dress out for her, but then she turned around and punched me in the eye! Unbelievable..." The doctor then prescribed some painkillers and sent the man on his way. One week later, the man returns to the doctor with another black eye. "What happened this time?!" the doctor exclaims. "Well doctor, you're not going to believe me, but this happened at church again! The pastor asked us all to stand, and wouldn't you know, the same woman in front of me had another wedgie! The man next to me reached forward and pulled her dress out for her, but I knew she didn't like that, so I reached up and tucked it back in!"   I know an NP-Complete joke but once you've heard one you've heard them all   What is America's favorite drink? Liber-Tea   Time to train for my favourite winter sport. Extreme Hibernation....   Did you guys hear about the cow that jumped over the barbed wire fence? It was an "udder" disaster!   Some say laughter is the best medicine. I prefer sedatives.   I invented a sandal for people with one leg. It was a flop.   2020 Olympic High Jump Results: Gold- Mexico Silver- Mexico Bronze- Mexico   What do you call a truthful Native American? Pocahonest.   Guess what Chicken butt   Whats the difference between a golf ball and a G-spot? Guys will actually look for the golf ball.   The only interview you can never fuck up is the exit interview. No HR is going to say "Sorry. You're rejected. You'll have to continue working with us till your last breath."   What does the sign on an out of business brothel say? Beat it. We're closed.   Had the strangest sexual encounter of my life last night "Had the strangest sexual encounter of my life last night," Bill said to Frank. "A blind call girl" "Really?" said Frank. "Yeah. You gotta hand it to her."   Giant Pandas are the least racist animal... They're Black, White and Asian!   When is it time for bed at Michael Jackson's house? When the big hand touches the little hand. Woooo Shamone!!   Jesus and Moses go fishing... While in line at the canoe rental place Moses looks over at Jesus and asked him, "Cant you walk on water? Why do we need a canoe?" Jesus remembers his ability and tries to walk across the river but falls knee deep in the water. Moses then says, "Maybe you need to get a running head start. Try over there on the dock." Jesus gets a running head start but ends up falling into the river once again. He is perplexed as to why this is not working. Moses then says, "Wait Jesus, did you have holes in your feet last time you did this?"   What is the difference between Donald Trump and Kanye West? 4 years.   Alt-Right does nothing for our Word Ctrl-Right, though, moves us to a whole new Word. Obligatory I'm here all day.   During the Second World War, a Briton,and a Pole were captured by the Germans During the Second World War, a Briton,and a Pole were captured by the Germans. Each man was sentenced to stand before a firing squad.The Briton was the first to be put again the wall. Standing back, the German officer said, "Ready, aim- At which point the Briton interrupted by shouting "Earthquake!" The firing squad ran for cover, and the Briton escaped Regrouping, the Germans put the Frenchman against the wall. Once again the oberst said,Ready, aim "Flood!" Taking a leaf from the Briton's book, the Frenchman yelled. Once again the Germans panicked, and the prisoner escaped Finally the Polish resistance fighter faced the guns, ready to repeat the ploy of his pre-decessors. The oberst said, "Ready, aim- "Fire!" hollered the Pole.   What cereal does President Trump stockpile at the White House? Cheerios...Made for little hands!   What do you call a pig with no legs? Ground Hog! Happy Groundhog's Day!   My wife told me if I kept making puns about my dark yellow glove then she'd leave me. I told her I could see where she was coming from, even I found it annoying I mustard mitt.   So a man and a wife were walking.... The wife sees a dog licking itself and whispers to her husband "I wish I could get down like that." The husband replies "I suggest you ask if you can pet em first"   What is a physicist's preferred city of residence? Velo City.   What kind of faucet is only Cold? Farrah   Q: What's the difference between hemophilia and virginity? None. One prick, and it's all over.   What's the most common blood type in Taiwan? Taipei   Pregnant - Beyonce Pregnant with twins - Beytwice   My baby finally spoke her first words She said "Google Lady Gaga"   A blonde walks into a bank A blonde walks into a bank in New York City and asks for the loan officer. She says she's going to Europe on business for two weeks and needs to borrow 5,000. The bank officer says the bank will need some kind of security for the loan, so the blonde hands over the keys to a new Rolls Royce. The car is parked on the street in front of the bank; she has the title, and everything checks out. The bank agrees to accept the car as collateral for the loan. The bank's president and its officers all enjoy a good laugh at the blonde for using a 250,000 Rolls as collateral against a 5,000 loan. An employee of the bank then drives the Rolls into the bank's underground garage and parks it there. Two weeks later, the blonde returns and repays the 5,000 and the interest, which comes to 15.41. The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very happy to have had your business, and this transaction has worked out very nicely; but we are a little puzzled. We checked you out and found that you are a multimillionaire. What puzzles us is - why would you bother to borrow 5,000?" The blond replies....."Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only 15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?"   A little boy kills a butterfly A little boy kills a butterfly. Dad says, "No butter for one week!" The little boy kills a honeybee. Dad says, "No honey for one week!" Mom kills a cockroach. The little boy turns to his dad and says, "Are you gonna tell her or should i do it?   Time flies like an arrow fruit flies like a banana   Why are magicians lousy reporters? They always ask trick questions.   This is a chemistry joke repost... All the original ones Argon.   What's the best pattern for a banker's suit? Checks!   Why did the Amish girl keep getting pregnant? Too many mennonite.   The Groundhog just saw a Muslim outside Gobblers Knob. Predicting six more months of travel ban   Smart Diagnosis Machine One day, in line at the company cafeteria, Jack says to Mike behind him, "My elbow hurts like hell. I guess I better see a doctor." "Listen, you don't have to spend that kind of money," Mike replies. "There's a diagnostic computer at the drugstore at the corner. Just give it a urine sample and the computer'll tell you what's wrong and what to do about it. It takes ten seconds and costs ten dollars...a hell of a lot cheaper than a doctor." So Jack deposits a urine sample in a small jar and takes it to the drugstore. He deposits ten dollars, and the computer lights up and asks for the urine sample. He pours the sample into the slot and waits. Ten seconds later, the computer ejects a printout: You have tennis elbow. Soak your arm in warm water and avoid heavy activity. It will improve in two weeks. That evening while thinking how amazing this new technology was, Jack began wondering if the computer could be fooled. He mixed some tap water, a stool sample from his dog, urine samples from his wife and daughter, and masturbated into the mixture for good measure. Jack hurries back to the drugstore, eager to check the results. He deposits ten dollars, pours in his concoction, and awaits the results. The computer prints the following: 1. Your tap water is too hard. Get a water softener. 2. Your dog has ringworm. Bathe him with anti-fungal shampoo. 3. Your daughter has a cocaine habit. Get her into rehab. 4. Your wife is pregnant...twin girls. They aren't yours. Get a lawyer. 5. If you don't stop playing with yourself, your elbow will never get better.   Whats lopsided and provocative? A stripper who had a stroke   Someone asked me "What's the longest time you ever went without sex? " 16 years. Once. When I was young.   Why did the piece of chalk cross the road? There was treasure buried underneath.   How many Muslims were banned? How many Muslims were banned? Allah them.   Onions. I remember crying when my dad chopped onions. Onions was a good dog. I miss him.   Want to hear a joke about Sodium? Na Want to hear a joke about Sodium Hypobromite? NaBrO   Eyes Specialist Doctor: Hello, did you come to see me with an eye problem? Patient: Wow, yes, how can you tell? Doctor: Because you came in through the window instead of the door.   Little Johnny was sitting in class one day. On this particular day, the teacher wanted to ask her class which part of the body went to heaven first. One little girl raised her hand and said, "I think your mind goes to heaven first because you have to have a mind in order to believe in God." The teacher praises the little girl as a little boy raises his hand. He says, "I think your heart goes to heaven first because God is all about love." "Very good," said the teacher. The teacher looked up and saw Little Johnny's hand up. "Oh no," she thought, "I'm not gonna like this. "Little Johnny, which part of the body do you think goes to heaven first?" Little Johnny thinks for a minute and says, "Your feet." The teacher asked him why he thought your feet go to heaven first. He replied, "Well, I was walking past my parents' bedroom last night and my mom had her feet up in the air and she said, 'Oh God, I'm coming!', but fortunately Dad was on top of her holding her down.   How do say farewell to a cat? You ask him to have a mice day.   Why was the math book sad? It had lots of problems. My little brother told me this earlier.   One day a man was waking along the beach One day a man was waking along the beach when he tripped over a lamp. He turned around and kicked the lamp out of anger. A few seconds later, a genie popped out of the lamp. Reluctantly, the genie said, "Even though you kicked me, I still have to give you three wishes. However, because of what you did, I will also give twice what you wish for to the person you hate the most: your boss." So the man agreed and made his first wish. "I want lots of money", he said. Instantly 22 million dollars appeared in the man's bank account and 44 million appeared in his boss' account. For his second wish, the man wished for a couple of sports cars. Instantly a Lambergini, Ferrari and Porsche appeared. At the same time two of each car appeared outside of his boss' house. Finally the genie said, "This is your last wish, you should choose carefully," and to this the man replied, "I've always wanted to donate a kidney..."   Trump is alot like a Dragon Ball Z villain He has yet to sign his final form! Bahahaahaaa I love coffee   A Muslim walks into a gay bar And says "shots for everyone!"   Groundhog sees Trumps shadow. . . Four more years of Nuclear Winter   100m Dash A girl says to her friend "The last time I had sex was like the 100 meter dash" Her friend says "What, over in 6 seconds?" "No, with 8 black men and a gun."   Date night I was on a date with a girl last night and the conversation started to get steamy. She was holding my hand and I said; "just by using these fingers I could make you scream." Seductively she leant forward and purred "well go on then, show me..." So I poked her in the eye!   What did the company that makes wooden counters say to their client? "We stand behind our product"   Trump cured me... of impostor syndrome.   I just went to my first biweekly Screw Trump party I'm gonna try his gays only one next week.   Two men are out hunting when one of them suddenly drops dead Two men are out hunting when one of them suddenly drops dead. He calls 911 immediately. The operator says "Can I help you sir?" The man replies "I think my friend is dead! Get an ambulance! What should I do?" The operator replies "Okay, calm down sir. First we have to make sure he is dead." There is silence, then a gun shot, then the man comes back on "Okay, what now?"   Why did the bean get released from the mental asylum? It wasn't a nut.   Son: "Mom, Dad, I am gay...." Mom: Stares at Dad Dad: Clenches fist Mom: "Don't!" Dad: Sweats Profusely Mom: ... Dad: "HI GAY, I'M DAD"   A guy goes to the public shower and sees an old man with a huge dick... His dick is literally hanging to his knees, so naturally the guy asks the old man: "how did you achieve that huge of a dick?" "Oh," says the old man, "every morning i put some weights on it so it streches out, about 500 grams right on the tip". Next morning the guy remembers the old mans advice and puts 500 gram weight on his dick. Day goes past, and what do you know - his dick is streched to his knees, but the man wants more. Next day he puts a 800gram weight on his cock - and in the evening his dick is stretched to his ankles - but once again, he wants more. The day after he goes and puts 1kg of weight on his dick - after work he checks the length, and its now much longer then the old mans at the shower, basically dragging at the floor. So then he decides that its time to test it out and surprise his wife with his size - but, to his and hers dismay, he can't get it up, no matter how hard he tries. The next day the guy comes to the shower to ask the old man how does he manages to use it. He comes to the guy and says: "I did what you suggested, and it worked - not only my dick was hanging at my knees like yours, but i got it even bigger - right to the floor, but now it doesn't go up when i need it to, how the fuck do you manage to use it?" "I don't know", says the old man, "I use it to wipe my ass, so i guess with your length you can brush your teeth with it."   What did one tampon say to the other tampon? Nothing, they're stuck up bitches.   80,000 blondes meet at a football stadium for a "Blonds Are Not Stupid" convention The leader says, "We are all here today to prove to the world that blondes are not stupid. Can I have a volunteer?" A blonde gingerly works her way through the crowd and steps up to the stage. The leader asks her, "What is 15 plus 15?" After 15 or 20 seconds she says, "Eighteen!" Obviously everyone is a little disappointed. Then 80,000 blondes start cheering, "Give her another chance! Give her another chance!" The leader says, "Well since we've gone to the trouble of getting 80,000 of you in one place and we have the world- wide press and global broadcast media here, gee, uh, I guess we can give her another chance." So he asks, "What is 5 plus 5?" After nearly 30 seconds she eventually says, "Ninety?" The leader is quite perplexed, looks down and just lets out a dejected sigh -- everyone is disheartened - the blonde starts crying and the 80,000 girls begin to yell and wave their hands shouting, "GIVE HER ANOTHER CHANCE! GIVE HER ANOTHER CHANCE!" The leader, unsure whether or not he is doing more harm than damage, eventually says, "Ok! Ok! Just one more chance -- What is 2 plus 2?" The girl closes her eyes, and after a whole minute eventually says, "Four?" Throughout the stadium pandemonium breaks out as all 80,000 girls jump to their feet, wave their arms, stomp their feet and scream... "Give her another chance! Give her another chance!"   I asked my agent what time I should arrive to be paid for the Elvis impersonation gig. He said it's 1 for the money.   Which monkey can fly? A hot air baboon!   Why is Donald Trump's favorite cuisine Canadian? Because he loves to have a mouthful of Poutine.   Why couldn't the dogs understand each other. Because they didn't have any common scents. Ha ha ha... I'll see myself out.   What did 0 say to 8? Nice belt!   What type of penis do Chinese mice have? Mousey dongs   Breaking News: Donald Trump elected 45th President of the United States! I know this already came out, but I am just now believing it.   I told the judge "I discovered my wife in bed with Danny!" He said "No you didn't! Danny already knew she was there."   Having a foot long penis would be a real pain in the ass But not for me.   While walking through the mall I spotted the Islamic Book Store and I went in. The clerk asked me, "can I help you?" I said, "yes, can you tell me where I can find Donald Trump's book on refugees?" He turned beet red and said, "eat shit, get the fuck out and stay out." I said, "yes, that's the one, now where is it located?"   My dentist reminded me of my wife's sensitive gag reflex My dentist reminded me of my wife's sensitive gag reflex. We laughed laughed. Then I remembered that my wife I have different dentists   What are your chances of getting laid by a super religious female? Nun   Today needs to be Lobster or steak day... Because this groundhog tastes like crap!   An atheist, dyslexic insomniac spends all his nights wondering About the existence of dog.   A woman has three applicants for one job ... After exhaustive testing, interviewing and HR profiling they are still in a dead heat. Finally she decides to go with what Easter means to each one. Just a random question that may give her insight to offer one of them the job. The first applicant, scratches his head and says "that's easy, that's when the Christmas Bunny visits all the good little children around the world and brings them gifts". A bit taken aback by the applicant's answer, she decides to press on. The 2nd applicant states flatly that is when Father Xmas hides eggs throughout the land to good little children to find. Now the hiring manager is really confused, what was supposed to be an easy way to find the better applicant has turned sideways. However, she decides to stay the course and ask the last applicant the same question. The final applicant starts off "this is the day when Christians world wide celebrate the death and Resurrection of Jesus Christ..." The manager finally has a clear answer! The applicant continues ... Jesus was dead and buried, placed in the tomb and on the third day rose from the dead, rolled the stone back and stepped out into the sunshine, and at that point saw his shadow and said "shit, six more weeks of winter!"   What did the Aussie say when his friend ran out of TP? Bidet mate!   Did you know they make a divorcee Barbie now? She comes with all of Ken's stuff.   Why are you up at 6am despite wanting more sleep? SIR I AM NOT A MORNING PERSON.   Sir Mix-A-Lot runs in 2020. He'll grab her by the tushy.   I've been secretly tossing pears at my neighbor for a couple weeks now I can hear him talking to his wife about government drones trying to drive him crazy, but he's just pear annoyed.   A cat can read the hands of a clock to know when it's nap time. It's nap time when the hours-hand is shorter than the minutes-hand.   What is the name of a motorist fan in the Netherlands? Bus van Truck   Thank god I wasn't born in China... I don't even speak Chinese!   Psychology lecture A psychology professor starts his lecture by telling the students: "Today we'll learn about the three stages of human emotion: surprise, irritation, and rage." With that, he takes his phone out of his pocket, puts it on speaker, and dials a random number. "Hello, may I please speak to Dave?" says the professor when the other person answers. "No, I'm sorry, you have the wrong number" says the person on the other end. "You see that students, that's surprise. Now allow me to show you what irritation sounds like." He picks up the phone again, and dials the same number. When it answers, the professor asks. "Hi, can Dave come to the phone?" "I told you you have the wrong number" "That's irritation, my friends" says the professor. "Now, let's look at what rage looks like" He picks up the phone and dials the number again. When it answers he asks. "Is Dave available?" "LISTEN, YOU FUCKING DIPSHIT. IF YOU CALL THIS NUMBER AGAIN, I'LL COME OVER, BREAK THAT PHONE IN HALF AND SHOVE IT UP YOUR ASS. AND IF IT DOESN'T FIT, I'LL PUSH IT IN WITH MY COCK!!!!!!" "And that's rage." "Professor, you forgot the fourth stage," says a young man in the front rows. "And what might that be?" asks the professor. "It's called the stage of total confusion. Allow me to demonstrate" He comes up to the podium, takes the professor's phone and dials the same number. "Hello, this is Dave, has somebody asked for me today?"   The groundhog saw his shadow. Four more years of suck.   Mercury asked the Sun what he was. The Sun said: I'm a motherfucking star boy.   Told my friend she couldn't take critism She told me to go to hell.   What did the warring religious sects say to each other after they made peace? "Good Shiite." "See you Sunni."   John and Nancy were married for 40 years and decided they wanted to renew their vows and planned a second wedding... They were discussing the details with their friends. Nancy wasn't going to wear a traditional bridal gown and she started describing the dress she was planning to wear. One of her friends asked what color shoes she had to go with the dress. Nancy replied, "Silver." At that point, her husband chimed in, "Yep, silver...to match her hair." Shooting a glaring look at John's bald spot, Nancy's friend said, "So, John, I guess you are going barefoot then."   As I was approaching my driveway, I saw a big black man running away with a TV in his hands and I wondered if it was mine. Upon entering my house, I was relieved to see that mine was at home polishing my shoes.   When my cat won for "Best Feline Butt", we expected to get a small plaque. But it wasn't. It was a huge catasstrophy   Did you hear about the constipated mathematician? He worked it out with a 2 pencil. (With thanks from my dad)   A Friar, a Rabbi, and a Buddhist Monk Pray for the Dictator Three representatives of three different faiths come to mourn the dictator, who was shot at range. The Christian friar exclaimed: -Ave Maria! May the worthy pass into the afterlife. The Rabbi exclaimed: -By Moses! Let there be light at the end of the tunnel. Finally, the Buddhist exclaimed: -By Buddha! Prepare for Nirvana. Let his soul be as pure as his heart. A silence followed. The friar eventually leaned over to the monk and whispered: -He was shot in the heart. Did the news not reach you in time for the prayer? whereupon the monk replied: -Dear brother, it was premeditated.   My pet snake just lays around and won't move I think he's suffering from a reptile dysfunction   Did you hear the one about fouls in Soccer? You'll get a kick out of it.   They call my penis the truth.... The truth can be a real dick sometimes   I was stunned last night when my wife told me I was too wrapped up in myself.... When did I get a wife?   Blonde joke A blonde is trying to hammer down a pin into a wall, she has the flat end to the wall and is hammering the pointy end. She gets really pissed as it clearly isn't working. Her friend comes in and asks whats wrong. "Well, this pin just work! It's not piercing this wall!" she says. Her friend looks at her and says " You idiot, You got the wrong pin! That pin is clearly for the wall on the oppsite side!   Just after my wife had given birth, I asked the doctor, "How soon do you think we'll be able to have sex?" He winked at me and said, "I'm off duty in ten minutes - meet me in the car park."   It's okay to laugh during sex but just don't point.   In the US, there is house theft every 7 seconds Doesn't that mean walls should be built around houses?   My boss told me to have a good day. So I went home.   My company got bought out by a Madrid based firm today. Really blind-sided everyone. Nobody expected the Spanish Acquisition.   What is a Linux user's favorite game? sudo ku EDIT: First post with 100 upvotes. Thanks all you people :D   One more for the road. Abu Al Abid went to USA for the first time, He opened a furniture shop a lingerie shop. In 6 months.... he made a good business. . He sends an email to his wife saying: Please rush, pack up come to USA, I sold 100 mattresses and 5000 panties. I made 100,000. She replies: It is better that you close your shop and come back fast. With 1 mattress with no panties I made 300,000.. ...   An unmarried couple start a jazz band. What would they call it? Premarital sax   What do you call a constipated detective? No shit Sherlock   Yesterday an Iraqi Imam made history when he said someone in Iraq had told a lie. It was the first time a Trump supporter accepted at face value a statement form an Imam without feeling the need to reach for a gun.   What is your FAVORITE pun? Mine is, "Dogs Can't Operate a MRI Machine......but Catscan"   what do you call the god of melting ice? Thaw.   Did you hear about the constipated mathematician? It's okay, he worked it out with a pencil.   "Am I the first man you have ever loved?" he said. "Of course," she answered "Why do men always ask the same question?".   What do you call a potato that becomes US President and silences the news, silences government agencies, silences government funded science and ends international treaties? A dic-tater.   The light at the end of the tunnel, Are the front lights of a train.   my wife accused me of being immature. I told her to get out of my fort.   I've just moved into a six bedroom house with three acres of land. Don't tell the owners.   Once upon a time, there were three kingdoms Once upon a time, there were three kingdoms, all bordering on the same lake. For centuries, these kingdoms had fought over an island in the middle of that lake. One day, they decided to have it out, once and for all. The first kingdom was quite rich, and sent an army of 25 knights, each with three squires. The night before the battle, the knights jousted and cavorted as their squires polished armor, cooked food, and sharpened weapons. The second kingdom was not so wealthy, and sent only 10 knights, each with 2 squires. The night before the battle, the knights cavorted and sharpened their weapons as the squires polished armor and prepared dinner. The third kingdom was very poor, and only sent one elderly knight with his sole squire. The night before the battle, the knight sharpened his weapon, while the squire, using a looped rope, slung a pot high over the fire to cook while he prepared the knight's armor. The next day, the battle began. All the knights of the first two kingdoms had cavorted a bit too much (one should never cavort while sharpening weapons and jousting) and could not fight. The squire of the third kingdom could not rouse the elderly knight in time for combat. So, in the absence of the knights, the squires fought. The battle raged well into the late hours, but when the dust finally settled, a solitary figure limped from the carnage. The lone squire from the third kingdom dragged himself away, beaten, bloodied, but victorious. And it just goes to prove, the squire of the high pot and noose is equal to the sum of the squires of the other two sides.   Youre one in a million China has a population of a billion people. One billion. That means even if youre a one in a million kind of guy, there are still a thousand others exactly like you.   Why do economists exist? So accountants have someone to laugh at.   Guinness Book of World Records Recently I took a stroll through the forest when I met three dwarves. They started bragging: "I bet I have the worlds smallest hands" said the first dwarf, the second dwarf said "I have the world smallest feet" and the last one claimed that he had the smallest dick on the planet. I told them that if that would be really true, they should get the certificate of the Guinness Book of World Records, to prove that they were right. So I took them to the office where the first on walks into the office and afterwards walks out proudly with his certificate which said : WORLDS SMALLEST HANDS The second dwarf walks in and after five minutes he walks out all proud with his certificate : WORLDS SMALLEST FEET The third dwarf walks in and after ten minutes he walks out sobbing and all disappointed and kept mumbeling:"Who the Fck is Adam Sandler?" when telling this joke to your mates, swap the name Adam Sandler with one of your friends names   Hunting Two guys are out hunting in the woods when one of them collapses. He doesnt appear to be breathing, his eyes are glazed over. The other man pulls out his phone with trembling fingers and calls 911. He gasps, "My friend is dead! What can I do?" The operator says "Please stay calm. I will help you. First of all, let's make sure he's dead." Theres a silence, then a gun shot. The guy gets back on the phone and says "OK, now what?"   What do you call a Russian guy in a Racecar? Snowspeed xD   Guy: We need to stop testing our products on animals. Boss: Why? Shampoo companies do it all the time. Guy: Ya but we make dildos.   I used to work at a bra factory but it went bust.   A woman held a seance... ...for her dead husband who , during his life, was a waiter in an high end swanky restaurant. The room was lit up with candles and the medium went into the trance. After few minutes the table started shaking. "Phil? Is that you?" she asked "talk to me, Phil." "No!" replied a ghostly voice "It's not my table!"   On the late night train.... On a late night train, I was alone in a carriage, this pretty young thing boards. I stared at her. She snapped "what are you looking at? " I sighed. "6 to 8 years if someone else gets in this carriage."   What was Lynyrd Skynyrd's biggest hit? The ground. Follow-up line: It was a Buddy Holly cover.   What do you call a Chinese woman with no legs? Dragon lips   Did you know? Type O Blood was actually meant to be Type Zero blood, due to the lack of glycoproteins in the red blood cells. It was misread and is now called Type O blood. I guess you could call it a typo.   Hey Honey! "Today, I went out and a saw a woman that looked identical to you, just fatter!" "Well, did you find her attractive?" "Shit."   Who is Donald Trump's least favourite rock band? Foreigner.   What is the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, its flag is a big plus.   At a mental hospital A bloke is visiting his mother in a mental hopsital when in the same room he comes across a guy moving his arms around and making beeping noises. "Excuse me", he asks him. "What on earth are you doing?" "I'm driving my car!, says the guy excitedly. "Beep beep!" "You fucking nutbar, you're not in a car, you're in a mental hospital!" A voice comes from the bed opposite. "Mate, shut the fuck up will you, he's giving me twenty quid a day to wash the cunt."   Why can't you hear pterodactyl in the bathroom? Because their P is silent!   My wife always asks me: if she dies, will I remarry? And I say don't be silly honey... I never make the same mistake twice.   What did the porcupines say when they kissed? Ouch!   What's the difference between a truckload of sand and a truckload of babies? You can't unload sand with a pitchfork   What's the SI Unit for measuring Light's Weight? Hologram.   A wife walks in on her husband, in bed with another woman. "Helen, is that you?", says the husband surprised. He turns to the woman next to him. "Then who is this?"   A little old lady goes into an adult bookstore. A little old lady, about 70 years old, walks into an adult bookstore and slowly shuffles up to the counter, her hands shaking. She stutteringly says, "Eh, eh, excuse me, b-but I'm embarrased..." The clerk says, "Please don't be ma'am, human sexuality is a beautiful, natural thing. You have nothing to be embarrassed about." Trembling, she asks, "All right, do- do- do you have (whispers) women's...pleasure...aides here? "Like, vibrators and dildos? Yes, ma'am, we have a large selection of both." "An- an- and do- do you know much about them?" The clerks looks are her shaking form and says, "Yes, ma'am, I do. I'd be happy to answer any questions you have." To which she replies, "Great! Do- do- do- do you know how to shut 'em off?!" :-) (Note: When telling this joke in person, be sure to shake your hands when you're doing the little old lady's voice! Earned me a few laughs back when I was bartending :)   My mechanic thinks i'm in denial over my brake fluid leak. But he's wrong; I can stop any time i want.   What do you call a Barbie on fire? A Barbecue! Be gentle. First post. And I remember making this up on a long car ride when I was just 4:)   Rucksacks are some of the most trustworthy things you'll ever own I mean, they've always got your back amirite   What do you call a women who cant make a sandwich? Single   You already know the punchline. What is the worst part about time travelling jokes?   What Kind Of Jam Would You Not Like On Your Bread? A Traffic Jam   Why doesn't the sun go to college? Because it already has 28 million degrees   What's the difference between a doll and a baby? You can't paint with a doll.   Why did George W. Bush cross the road? To ask his dad how to run the presidency.   Me: So do you like guys with low self esteem? Girl: Of course, yes, I do Me: Please don't lie to make me feel better   The Jar in the Bar So a man goes out to meet his buddies at a new bar. When he arrives, the first thing he sees is a giant glass jar in the far corner of the room, 7 feet by 6 feet, packed to the brim with 10 bills. He sits down and asks his buddies, "What's with the jar?" "No idea" responds his friend, so the man asks the bartender. In his thick Irish accent, "Ah, ye warnt a know bout the haus game does yer? That'll be 10." Annoyed but intrigued, the man pulls out a 10 and lays it on the bar, and the old man begins, "To win all the money in that there jar, I have a gallon jug of tequila ya hafta take all down at one go and not flinch or make a face," then he points to the back door, "I have a pit bull chained out back with an aching tooth ya gotta pull, but watch out, she's mean as a blarney so be careful, and at last, I gots a 90 year old lass upstairs, who's never had an orgasm in her life. You gotta go up there and make things right for her." The man stands, shakes his head as he returns the table. "I understand!" yells the bartender, "But yer 10 stays in the jar." So the guy get into a bit of a drinking session with his buddies, but can't stop thinking about the jar. If he could suck it up, just for one night, he could change his life. Finally, with enough liquid courage, he stumbles up the the bar and slams down a 10 bill. "Gimme the tequila." The bartender hands him the jug and he throws it back as hard as he can, throats burning, tears rolling down his face, he finishes every drop and slams it down, without making a face. The bartender points to the door, now the man staggers through the backdoor, and the barking ensues, trash cans are crashing, there's a loud scream then silence. "Awh geez says the bartender, they fuckin' killed each other." As he shoos the crowd back he gets to the door, the man bursts thru, shirt shredded, bloodied and bruised, he shouts, "Alright, now where's the old lady with the sore tooth?!"   Why did the sailor think his wife was cheating on him? Because his boat was filled with seamen.   Why is Trump so keen to stay with the queen in the UK? He heard she has golden bathrooms and can't wait to try out the showers.   Marriage is like smoking... we believed they are good at first.   Why don't women have dirty minds? Because they're constantly changing them...   So if Trump doesn't like conversations with Turnbull and Australians don't like conversations with Turnbull, is Turnbull... ... Malcolm in the middle?   Three women are in a bar talking about how loose they are... One fits a hot dog in. The next fits a cucumber in. The last one slides down the barstool.   Cerebral Necrophelia Gives new meaning to the expression "I fucked her brains out"   To all these people telling America n Americans to go fuck themselves I think they already took care of that in November!   My secretary reminds me of my wife. I was unbuttoning her blouse at lunch today when she said, "remember, you have a wife."   Winter is coming. Can I watch?   What did the feminist say before shooting up a school? Trigger warning   Did you hear about the debacle at the USDA's beauty pageant? They crowned a Miss Steak.   A radio show holds a contest for the best local talent... A gentleman walks into the studio with a mutt of a dog a couple days later and asks if he can audition. "Sure, whaddya got?", said the radio host. "My dog can talk.", the man replied. Skeptical, the host sits down and beckons the man to start. "OK boy! What is on top of a house?!" The dog barks, "ROOF!" The host rolls his eyes and sits back. "And what does sandpaper feel like?!" The dog barks, "RUFF!" The host stands up and shouts at the man, telling him he needs to take things seriously or get out. "OK, OK, just give us one more and I promise it'll be worth your time." the owner pleaded. The radio host falls back into his chair, his face in his hands as he mumbles, "Fine." "ALLRIGHT BOY! Who is the greatest baseball player in history?" "RUTH! RUTH!" The radio host jumps up. Red in the face, he screams at the dog owner until he leaves. The owner walks outside and shoots a disappointed glare at his dog. The dog hangs his head, looks back up, and says, "Do you think I should've said Mickey Mantle?"   Three business men are working on a hotel deal in Africa. On a slow day when nothing could be done, the men come with an idea to buy an elephant. The first man, who is an avid shoe collector, shouts "It's a wonderful idea!" The second man, who wears only tailor crafted pants, excitedly offers to pay the majority of the cost. The third man, who only wears white suits, says he knows the guy to make it happen. So the three men bought an elephant. A few weeks go by and they became bored again. The man with the white suit buys a money to entertain him. One day, the shoe collector gets an idea and tells the other two "hey guys, we should cork the elephant, watch him fill up like a balloon and have the monkey yank out the cork!" So they cork the elephant and spend two weeks training the monkey. The day finally came to pull the cork. The three men get ready. The man with the white suit stands a safe distance back. He has an idea of what will happen and wants to be out of the way but also really wants to see. The man with the tailored pants stands further away, he wants to be sure he is clear. The man with the shoes has seen something like this before and stands way way back. The monkey pulls the cork. Shit goes EVERYWHERE! The man with the shoes is irate! His vintage hand crafted shoes were covered with elephant poo and ruined. He walks up to the guy with the tailored pants who is screaming and yelling about his pants made from a rare fabric were ruined and too were covered in elephant poo. They walk up to the man in the white suit who is laughing hysterically. The guy with the shoes asks "how can you be laughing? You white suit is ruined and you are covered in elephant poo from head to toe!" The man in the white suit replied "Yea, but you should have seen the monkey trying to put the cork back in!"   How much is a pound of brains worth? What's the cost of a pound of physicists' brains? About 10.00 What about a pound of chemists' brains? Oh.... Around 100.00. Okay, so, what about a pound of philosophers' brains? 1,000,000.00. What? Seriously? Why? Oh, well, just think of how many philosophers you'd have to kill to get a pound of brains out of them.   Trump get's his wall. (long) Trump, A Canadian and a Mexican, end up on a deserted island. While looking for supplies to survive Trump finds a Lantern, seeing the goldish colour of the lamp Trump rubs it. Summoning a Genie; The Genie announces that he will grant three wishes to all that have found his Island. Trump wishes first; "I want a wall, the best wall, all along our borders 50 feet... no 2000 feet tall, it is going to be the greatest wall, we should have the best wall, the biggest wall, it should be the biggest wall in history" The Genie looks at Trump and says, Granted. The Canadian Looks at the Mexican and says, "I want to know how high the wall is, and how strong it is" The genie says "The wall is 8000 meters tall, and strong enough to hold back an ocean." The Mexican smiles looking at the Canadian. "Fill it with water"   Marriage and Divorce The boy and the Girl: Boy: Ah, finally, I've waited so long. Girl: You want me to leave? Boy: No. I dare to not even think about it. Girl: Do you love me? Boy: Of course. Lots! Girl: Have you ever cheated on me? Boy: No! Why are you asking me? Girl: Will you kiss me? Boy: Every time I get the chance! Girl: Will you ever hit me? Boy: Are you crazy? Of course not! Girl: Can I trust you? Boy: Yes. Girl: Darling? Now read it bottom up.   What does somebody want most when they're stranded in the desert and their camel runs away? They want their camel bak.   So an Indian, a Chinese, and an American are in a plane The plane starts falling because it has too much weight, so the three men decide to throw out the things they need least to reduce weight. The Indian man throws out a bowl of curry. "I have too much of this in my country." he says. The Chinese man throws out a bowl of noodles. "I have too much of this in my country." he says. The American man pushes the Indian and Chinese man out the plane. "I have too many of these in my country." he says.   A man is shipwrecked on an island A man is sailing off the coast of Australia when a storm hits. He ends up shipwrecked on a little island. There are just pastures and a few farms, so he goes up to one of the farms and asks if he can stay. A couple of grizzled old shepherds are there, and they give him lodging. The next day the shipwrecked man is bored as hell and asks what they do for fun around here. One of the shepherds says, "See all those sheep on the hills? We go out there and fuck 'em." "Seriously?" "Hey mate, don't knock it till you try it!" The visitor realizes he must have ended up in New Zealand and sulks off to his room to get away from the filthy Kiwis. The next day, he's so bored, he sneaks out to the pasture and starts fucking one of the ewes, whose bleats echo the hills. He's having such a good romp that he doesn't notice the two shepherds leaning against the fence. When he looks over, they burst out in laughter. He pulls his dick out of the sheep and calls out, "hey, what's so funny? I thought you said you fuck the sheep around here!" The shepherd gestures with his arm towards the ewe and, amidst his uproarious laughter, is barely able to sputter out, "Oi mate, not the ugly ones!"   Did you know you can tell the gender of an ant by tossing it in water?! If it sinks... girl ant! If it floats... buoyant!   Why do melons always have big weddings? Because they cantaloupe!   If Canadians say "Ay" and Mexicans say "Si"... Why don't Americans say "B"?   If a woman sleeps with a bunch of guys, she's a slut. But if a guy does the same thing, then he's gay.   Mellinials today definitely have it easier than previous generations... My grandfather had to cross the Atlantic to punch a Nazi.   Why can't you ever bang construction workers? They're excellent with man hole covers.   After many years of studying at a university, Ive finally become a PhD Or Pizza Hut Deliveryman as people call it.   What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler? Michael Phelps can finish a race   Why are the cars built by communists no good? 'cause they're constantly Stalin!   Nothing I do makes any sense. I'm unemployed.   How do you keep redditors in suspense? I'll tell you tomorrow.   My overdramatic girlfriend came up to me, balling her eyes out and confessed to having the most painful period she's ever had before I looked her right in the face and said "stop ovary acting"   I thought recently that I was being to hard on Trump and wanted to try to see things the way he does... So I stuck my head up my ass and I get it now.   What is the the most charitable nation? A donation.   Did you know that my alcoholic friend only weighs two pounds? Long story short, my bud light.   I was trying to be friendly to some chick at a bar... So I offered her a tic-tac. She gets all defensive and says" are you saying my breath stinks? Is that why I needed tic-tac?" I'm like "whoa, calm down lady. If I wanted to give you something you need it would be mustache wax and a tshirt that says 1 cock at a time."   I want to fly But gravity is such a let down   Why do black people only have nightmares? Because the last one who had a dream got shot.   Have you heard the fast gladiator that was a tumor covered in dough? He was a Roamin' Tumor Roll.   I went to a 4-year olds birthday party once, it was kinda awkward... ...probably because I wasn't invited...   Jay Leno walks into a bar. Bartender says "Why the really long face?"   Guy puts candy bar in shirt His dad always said to keep Twix up your sleeve.   I have the work ethic of an ox - If you tie a yoke to my shoulders and whip me until I move, I'm probably going to get a lot done.   Good part about trump being president is he will never forget toupee Sorry for the bad pun. Was off the top of my head.   What do you call a magic car? A Lambor-genie!   Why do farmers like to have sex with sheep at the edge of a cliff? They push back   Two tribal men drag two criminals into the Chief's hut... The Chief asked the first criminal, "You shall choose your punishment for your crimes! Choose!" "Death! Or Canyananga?" Criminal 1 thought: "Well, I don't want to die..." "Canyananga!" The Chief responded, "Very well. Bring in... Canyananga." An ugly, giant and beastly black man walked in, took Criminal 1 to the hut next to them and proceeded to horrendously rape him. The Chief turned to Criminal 2 and shouted, "Choose!" Criminal 2 quickly replied in horror, "Death! Please!" "Fine..." the Chief told him, "But first... Canyananga!"   I got vagina in China, got some more in Singapore, got some booty in Djibouti But I got gonorrhea in Korea.   What do you call a haemophobic vampire? A starving bat   Banker's balls (nsfw) A little old lady went into the Bank of Canada one day, carrying a bag of money. She insisted that she must speak with the president of the bank to open a savings account because, "It's a lot of money!" After much hemming and hawing, the bank staff finally ushered her into the president's office. The bank president then asked her how much she would like to deposit. She replied, "165,000!" and dumped the cash out of her bag onto his desk. The president was of course curious as to how she came by all this cash, so he asked her, "Madam, I'm surprised you're carrying so much cash around. Where did you get this money?" The old lady replied, "I make bets." The president then asked, "Bets? What kind of bets?" The old woman said, "Well, for example, I'll bet you 25,000 that your balls are square." The president laughs, "That's a stupid bet. You can never win that kind of bet!" The old lady challenged, "So, would you like to take my bet?" The president agrees, "Sure, I'll bet 25,000 that my balls aren't square!" The little old lady then said, "Okay, but since there is a lot of money involved, may I bring my lawyer with me tomorrow at 10am as a witness?" "Sure!" replied the confident president. That night, the president got very nervous about the bet and spent a long time in front of a mirror checking his balls, turning from side to side, again and again. He thoroughly checked them out until he was sure that there was absolutely no way his balls were square and that he would win the bet. The next morning, at precisely 10am, the little old lady appeared with her lawyer at the president's office. She introduced the lawyer to the president and repeated the bet "25,000 says the president's balls are square!" The president agreed with the bet again and the old lady asked him to drop his pants so they could all see. The president complied. The little old lady peered closely at his balls and then asked if she could feel them. "Well, Okay," said the president, "25,000 is a lot of money, so I guess you should be absolutely sure." Just then, he noticed that the lawyer was quietly banging his head against the wall. The president asked the old lady, "What the hell's the matter with your lawyer?" She replied, "Nothing, except I bet him 100,000 that at 10am today I'd have The Bank of Canada's president's balls in my hand."   They say you should test your fire alarm once a month... ... but it's costing me a fortune in houses!   An elderly man is out playing golf with a friend... An elderly man is out playing golf with a friend. During his turn, right before his swing, a funeral procession drives by along the border fence. The elderly man pauses, takes off his hat, and places it on his chest. As the procession drives along, the elderly mans friend stands just flabbergasted. Once the procession passes, the elderly man resumes setting up his swing. "Now hold on a second!" The elderly mans friend shouts, "That was quite a show of respect! I have never seen anything like it!" "Well, I had to do something." "Why's that?" Replied the elderly mans friend. "I was married to her for 40 years!"   Why did the console gamer cross the road? To render the building   Different movie Wife comes home and whispers to her husband "let's have sex like in the movies" The husband quickly gets undressed strips his wife, puts her in her knees, face fucks her then bends her over and sticks it in her ass then cums all over her face. As the wife is shaking and wiping the cum from her face she says "yea we sure do watch different movies"   My all-time favorite joke: The Forgetful Couple An elderly couple are sitting in the living room, and the old man gets up, and says "I'm going to the store to get myself a soda, do you want anything?" His wife says "I'd like an ice cream sundae. Here, I'll write it down for you so you don't forget--" "I'm not going to forget," he waves his hand at her dismissively. "Ice cream sundae." "With cherries and chopped nuts. You'll forget, I'm going to write it down for you." "Woman I'm not senile! I won't forget! Sundae with cherries and nuts." "And whipped cream. You're sure you won't forget all this? You forgot the last time. Please, I'll write it down so you won't forget." The old man gave an annoyed sigh and left the house. He returned and handed his wife a bag. "Here you go, I didn't forget." She looked inside the bag and found a toasted onion bagel. "Yes you did! I told you you would forget, and you did!" The old woman threw a fit. "You forgot the cream cheese!"   I've always preferred management over human resources I guess that's just a personnel preference   What's black and white and red all over A penguin in a blender   Why is masturbating off the side of Japanese whaling ships mandatory? it's the only way to attract sperm whales.   A husband and wife are getting their first baby scan After a few minutes of silent scanning, the couple ask the doctor if anything is wrong. The doctor replies: On a positive note, your child will never struggle to find a parking space.   Bar games. Three men were sitting at a bar. They were bored of drinking so all decided to make a game of their evening pass time. They came up with a form of beer football, each taking turns chugging a beer for 6 points, burping after for 1 point, and farting for extra 2 points. The first guy chugs his beer, burps but couldn't fart. The second guy chugs his beer, burps and let's a loud fart rip. The third guy chugs his beer, belches the loudest thinking he would get additional points, finally he get up and hunches preparing to let out a massive fart when the second guy pulls down the third guys pants, and sticks his finger up the third guys ass yelling "I blocked the extra point!"   I once had an encounter with a Grizzly Its a long story, but just bear with me   I am a judge for peanut beauty pageants My job is pretty nuts   Dead husband A detective asks a woman, "So, your husband hanged himself?" Woman replies, "Yes, that is correct." The suspicious detective continues, "But why does he have all those bruises on his head?" "The old fool used an elastic rope!"   What is long and hard to a blonde? Grade five.   What do you call a barnyard revolt? A chicken coup.   What lives at the North Pole and takes Lithium? A bi-polar bear. OC, circa 2005   A man asks his wife if he can cum in her ear She said "No, it'll make me go deaf" To which he replied "Really, I always cum in your mouth and you never shut the fuck up".   Did you hear about the fire at the circus? Yeah...it was intense.   How can you tell if a lady is ready for sexy time??? You put your hand down the front of her pants, and if it feels like you're feeding a sugar cube to a horse, Hey buddy it's time to crank up the Lynard Skynard!!   My friend told me of this fish... My friend told me of this amazing kind of fish, he said it was impossible to catch! He said it broke the string on his rod! I've never seen it. I've fished for days and days... Nothing. You know? I'm starting to think that it's not reel.   Two GOP senators to vote no on Betsy DeVos REPORT FOLLOWS Republicans expressed confidence that there will be no more defections. They cant afford any, as no Democrats are set to back DeVos. I expect her to be confirmed, Sen. John Cornyn (R-Texas) told our reporter who caught up with him on the street. You can take that to the bank. When asked which bank he meant he replied a terse "What?" When asked again which bank the reporter could take the words to, the Republican senator replied "Are you serious?" When asked why he was avoiding the question, and why these mysterious wordbanks weren't public knowledge, the Senator left. After a brief apology the Senator agreed to take more questions central to the house vote. When asked if he felt his vote could still change in the senate approval vote, the Senator mentioned it as an unlikely possibility. When asked whether all unbanked words would be considered invalid going forward, and, if so, whether the worlds leading up to this point and to the end of the conversation could also be taken to the bank, the senator gave a long, uncomfortable look to the reporter lasting over 45 seconds, and then said that "yes, those words could also be taken to the bank", but that it required the usual wordbank processing fee paid to the interviewee. When asked the amount of the wordbank processing fee for that interview, the Senator replied "Idunno, what ya got?" When presented with 143 in loose cash and change collected from the news crew, the Senator said "Ya, it's exactly that," and took the money. When asked why the Senator was walking away again, he replied "That's all you paid for."   I bought a Lottery ticket today Sven: "Ollie I bought a Lottery ticket today." Ollie: "It looks like it has six numbers on it. 29, 4, 42, 11, 35, 36." Sven: "What are the odds?" Ollie: "29, 11, 35."   I like my Jews just how I like my juice From concentrate.   Trump is in a paradox He needs construction workers to build the wall, but he's trying to deport all the construction workers I thought of this on the spot that's why it's bad sorry   Knock knock joke. Nazi: Knock Knock. Polan: Who's there? Nazi: Nazi. Polan: Nazi wh.. Nazi: BLITZKRIEG!!! I thought I had heard this somewhere but after extensive reaserch I came to the conclusion i may have made this up myself. If anyone finds a source for this feel free to post it in the comments.   We've had a horrible winter this year. It was so cold, lawyers were walking around with their hand is their own pockets.   After years of reflection I've decided to stop selling mirrors   What's the difference between horses and women? Horses shoes are practical   I hate when people ask me what I'm going to be doing in 3 years Like come on guys, I don't have 2020 vision!   If the last Wolverine movie is a cross country chase... then why isn't it called Logan's Run?   You go to the bathroom Russian. You come out American. What are you while you're in the bathroom? European.   Did you hear about the kidnapping at the elementary school? He's awake now!   NSFW My SO asked me why I always make terrible puns and dad jokes I told her, "it's just gentle ribbing, you know, for your pleasure"   Why didn't barbie ever get pregnant? Because Ken always came in another box.   What's the difference between a feminist and a suicide vest? A suicide vest gets something accomplished when triggered.   Say what you will about Donald Trump his secretaries and stuff think he is a greatest president ever Can't complain!   What does Porsche do? Ellen.   How many police officers does it take to push a black man down the stairs? None. "He fell".   Why did Humpty Dumpty have a great fall? Because he had a miserable summer.   Did you hear about the roman fighter who ate his mother in law? Terrible indigestion but he was gladiator.   What do you get if you cross a black man with an octopus? A mean cotton-picking machine!   A teen is arrested for shoplifting The police call his father who immediately arrives at the police station where he is detained. As soon as he arrives, the police tell him, Police: "Sir, your son was arrested for shoplifting in the area." The father, visibly taken aback, clenches his fists. Sweating, and unable to contain himself, he breathes: "Shop lifting?! I always knew you could bench, son!"   Did you know Doctor Frankenstein used to be a lonely, lonely man? Then he learned how to make friends.   So Donald Trump signs an Executive Order reviving the Dakota Pipeline ... He says "Look at this Italian Stripper Dakota Pipilini ... laid by 100 men in 6 months!"   What's the difference between an attractive date and a not attractive date? His bank account.   Why do engineers make horrible parents? Because they're taught to neglect everything.   What's the difference between a job interview and being hired? You can tell them you're lazy once you are hired. :)   Did you hear how Reddit banned raltright? They pressed CtrlAltrightDel.   My dyslexic friend... My dyslexic friend told me about a laugher house near him... he said he'd go and see if it was any good... if it was he'd bring me next time... you know... it's been a few years and he must still be in there... NOTE: I'M SORRY IF THIS IS A REPOST OR A BAD JOKE, I JUST WANTED TO THROW A, POSSIBLY, NEW JOKE INTO THE MIX   Where should children with ADHD be sent? A Concentration Camp!   What kind of underwear does the Alt-Right wear? Tighty Righties.   My wife asked if I will ever stop quoting Gangsta's Paradise The way things are going I don't know   The two villages were troubled. They were constantly being forced to search for other places to fish in the river. There was a massive bear that paraded the shores on both sides and this made fishing difficult for both villages that lie on opposite sides of the river. Earlier there used to be a small pack of wolves that paraded the shores and now they were forced in the villages because of the bear. This posed a problem as they started attacking the livestock. The village elders decided to meet on the high bridge that connected them together to see who can help with this situation. When the elders met on the bridge, with all the other villagers in tow, they argued for an hour and didn't reach any conclusion. Then when all hope was about to be lost, Peter jumped from the bridge in the river. Having witnessed this the bear rushed to kill him. The villagers looked at this in awe from above. Peter somehow swims on the shore and smacks the head of the prancing bear with a large stone. The bear drops dead. Having witnessed that the bear is out of the way, the wolves run down and start attacking Peter. But one by one, Peter takes them all out. Having seen all this, the villagers start to celebrate as Peter comes to meet the elders. Everyone is congratulating him on his bravery but Peter looked unfazed by all this. One of the elders comes to him and says, "Peter, for this bravery, all of us have decided that we'll offer you something big, what do you want? A house? A really pretty wife? A field? You say it and we'll give it to you!!" To this Peter replies, "I only want one thing, I wanna know which motherfer pushed me off the bridge!!"   Whats worse than finding your wife at a brothel? Finding a fucking orangutang in a brothel.   What's got two wings and an arrow? A Chinese telephone.   What do you call a dinosaur that sings? A velocirapper   The only people that look up to school shooters... ..are the students on the ground   Why is 17 referred to as the "Hot Cousin" in black jack? Because you want to hit it but you'd probably bust and everyone be pissed at you.   Donkey Racing in Texas. A Preacher who wanted to raise money for his church was told there was a fortune in horse racing, so he decided to purchase one and enter it in the races. However, at the local auction the going price for horses was too steep so the preacher ended up buying a donkey. He figured that since he had it, he might as well go ahead and enter it in the races. The donkey came in 3rd. The next Day the daily racing form carried the headline: Preachers Ass Shows The Preacher was so pleased with the donkey that he entered it in the race again. This time he won. The form read: Preachers Ass Out in Front The Bishop was upset with this kind of publicity and he ordered the preacher not to enter his donkey in another race. The newspaper headline read: Bishop Scratches Preachers Ass This was too much for the bishop and he ordered the preacher to get rid of the animal. The Preacher decided to give it to a nearby convent. The newspaper headline read: Nun Has Best Ass in Town The Bishop fainted; He informed the nun that she would have to dispose of the donkey. She finally found a farmer who was willing to buy the donkey for 10. The next day the newspaper headline read: Nun Peddles Ass for Ten Bucks They buried the Bishop the next day. The final headline read: Too Much Ass Responsible for Bishops Death   I always wondered why they say space smells like seared steak Then I remember the Challenger disaster   I was reading Reddit at this Restaurant When this guy at the table next to me started grabbing his chest and fell to the floor. The waitress yelled out "Does anyone know CPR??!!" "Well heck" I said, "I know the entire alphabet!" And everyone laughed and laughed. Well ... all except one guy.   What do you call a quadriplegic moose wearing a Guy Fawkes mask? A non-knee moose! Ba-dum-tiss   Why didn't hydrogen want to room with fluorine in college? Fluorine was so electronegative all the time.   This woman just caught me looking down her top. I panicked so much I almost fell off the toilet seat.   Why did Hitler approve of his mathematicians? They were all z-s.   Want a new perspective that's not AltRight? Try CtrlAltRight.   In my day, men were men, and women were secretaries.   I'm a new actor and just shot a pilot... ...turns out I wasn't supposed to use a loaded gun.   I try not to comment about what is in the news but... I have seen a lot of hate spewed in recent days about a man who is a constant winner and overachiever, and that's what the people who support him like about him. Yes, he's been caught in some lies and maybe twisted the truth a little but he's still out there proving his haters wrong time after time! Some people are just jealous of someone who is successful and has money. Throw in a hot foreign model at his side and they hate even more. You may not have wanted him in this role, but he's there now and there's nothing you can do about it. I know its just going to get worse over the next several days, but like it or not, Tom Brady is in the Super Bowl.   Don't take life too seriously. You'll never get out of it alive   30 people were waiting in line to get punched in the face... I guess you could call that the punch line.   A priest sees a self-made millionaire take some money out of the poorbox When the priest asks why, The millionaire looks down and replies "I just got divorced"   Me at my second rodeo: This ain't my first rodeo   What kind of veggies do you eat before going out to the club? Turn-Up Greens   Beyonce is pregnant! She's having twins! The media will refer to them as Bey's BeyBeys.   Sign of the times: if you win a million bucks as a contestant on "The Wall" ...they make Telemundo pay for it.   What do Spanish priests put on the communion bread? Soy sauce   What's not alright The altright   My first time on an elevator was quite uplifting... The second time was a let down.   A couple of blondes were talking about things they got while shopping So i bought a new toilet brush. Is it any good? No, not really. I think toilet paper works better.   Son: Dad, Ive never heard you pull a joke before, have you ever pulled one? Dad:Sure son, I had to pull one back in 97 Son:But thats when I was born Dad:Exactly   Why did the scarecrow get an award? because he was out standing in his field.   Why did the cannibal cross the road? To get to the body shop!   How do you know if an autistic guy likes you? He looks at your shoes while he jerks off.   I found a way to make my penis 6 inches long. Fold it in half!   How did Billy Mays die? He confused his Oxi-Clean with his Cocaine.   Claustrophobia (fear of having no escape, and being closed) When you walk towards a pub, ... and you are afraid that it might be closed.   How do you turn a duck into a soul singer? Put it in the microwave until its bill withers.   My girlfriend is like bread. It's easy to get a rise out of her.   How do you catch a unique rabbit? Unique up on it!! How do you catch a tame rabbit? Tame way, unique up on it!   I LOVE ISIS She's my favorite Egyptian god   Politics A little boy goes to his dad and asks, "What is politics?" The dad says, "Well son, let me try to explain it this way: I'm the breadwinner of the family, so let's call me capitalism. Your mother, she's the administrator of the money, so we'll call her the government. We're here to take care of your needs, so we'll call you the people. The nanny, we'll consider her the working class. And your baby brother, we'll call him the future. Now, think about that and see if that makes sense." The little boy goes off to bed thinking about what dad had said. Later that night, he hears his baby brother crying, so he gets up to check on him. He finds that the baby has soiled his diaper. The little boy goes to his parents' room and finds his mother sound asleep. Not wanting to wake her, he goes to the nanny's room. Finding the door locked, he peeks in the keyhole and sees his father in bed with the nanny. He gives up and goes back to bed. The next morning, the little boy says to his father, "Dad, I think I understand the concept of politics now." The father says, "Good son, tell me in your own words what you think politics is all about." The little boy replies, "Well, while capitalism is screwing the working class, the government is sound asleep, the people are being ignored and the future is in deep shit."   What did the circumference of a circle say to its diameter? Want some pi?   Hey girl, are you an integral? Because I want to substitute u for my x.   And the Lord said onto John: "Come forth John and you will receive eternal life" But John came 5th and won a toaster   Why did Trump retract claims that George Soros was behind the paid protestors that have taken to the streets since his inauguration? He was jealous that Soros had created more jobs than he had.   What did the pirate say when he turned 80? Aye matey   Apparently someone in London gets stabbed every 52 secconds Poor bastard   Whats green, fuzzy and if it fell out of a tree would kill you? A pool table.   Women call me ugly untill they find out how much money i make Then they call me ugly and poor   My friend recently took up origami... My friend recently took up origami, although he's not very good at making creases, and every time he messes up he gets angrier and angrier... Trust me, you wouldn't want to be there when it all unfolds...   What do you call an elephant crossed with a rhino? 'Eliphino?   TIL What a lay up was. Explains a lot.   How do you turn a duck into a soul singer? Put it in the microwave until it's bill withers.   I try to teach my dad a new lesson every day. They say it's good to learn from your mistakes.   What do you call an Incompetent Female Arsonist? A Farcenist   A Mexican finds a Genie Lamp along the beach... He rubs it, and the genie bellows out. "Behold, mortal, and I will grant you one wish!" And so, the Mexican thinks hard, and finally replies, "I wish all of my people were at peace and at our homeland. And so, every Hispanic on the globe is suddenly teleported to Spain. After an hour passes, an Asian walks down the beach, and finds the lamp. Expectedly, He rubs it, and the genie bellows out. "Behold, mortal, and I will grant you one wish!" The Asian thinks hard, and finally replies, "I wish all of my people were at peace and at our homeland." And so, every Asian on the globe was suddenly transported to China, Japan, Korea, and surrounding countries. After another hour passes, an African walks along the same beach, and finds the lamp. As one can expect, He rubs it, and the genie bellows out. "Behold, mortal, and I will grant you one wish!" The African thinks hard, and finally replies, "I wish all of my people were at peace and at our homeland." And so, every African on the globe was transported to Africa. After another hour, a White person walks down the beach, and discovers the lamp. He rubs it, and the genie bellows out. "Behold, mortal, and I will grant you one wish!" The White, hearing of the other races disappearing, asked, "So the Mexicans have gone back to Mexico and Spain?" The genie simply replies,"Yes." The white continues, "And the Asians have gone back to Asia, and the Africans have gone back to Africa?" The genie once again replies with,"Yes, and Yes." So, the white being completely content, said, "Shoot, well I'll just have a Coke!"   A man is prescribed a medication by his doctor. The doctor warns the man that because the medication has a bitter taste he should take it with something to mask the flavor, like apple juice. The man replies, "That's a good idea. I hate the taste of apple juice."   What's a civilian called in military slang? A collateral damage still alive.   Remember, big brains are important... but big muscles are importanter   My Parents always told That you should learn from mistakes. That's Why they have so many books about children.   I know a farmer who likes throwing darts at his mating donkeys for fun He's a pain in the fucking ass   Had to take a drug test for Calculus. Had to take a drug test for Calc. 2 It was a P-test.   Have you guys heard of the new semen-based hair gel? It's the next generation.   Two silkworms were in a wrestling match. It ended in a tie.   Sex Doll Do muslim sex dolls blow themselves up?   A slave say to another slave... Are you free tonight?   A man saw a woman on the street and started physically abusing her She asks, "What are you doing?!" The man says "I'm hitting on you".   My Daughter Texted Asking for Money... My daughter in college sent a text saying "PLZ snd ." I asked her why she used the shorthand. She responded that it was shorter than writing it all out. I replied back "No." She asked why. I said it was shorter than writing "Yes."   A factory inspector pays a visit to a ruler factory... and he walks in through the door. As he's walking around, he notices a room with a black man in a thong, and a lot of boxes. He finds this rather odd, but he decides to ignore it. After that, the factory manager comes to greet him. "Good morning, sir", he says. "Please. Follow me." The factory inspector follows the manager to a conveyor belt. "These are our conveyor belt workers. They check the rulers on the conveyor belt for defects", explains the manager. The factory inspector nods. He then follows the manager to an area where workers are loading rulers into boxes. "These are our loading workers. They load the rulers into boxes." Once again, the factory inspector nods. Finally, the manager leads the factory inspector into the strange room he had seen before. "This is Tyrone. He makes sure all our rulers are exactly 12 inches."   I just found out that Santa Clause raises livestock in between Christmas... I guess you could call him a Jolly Rancher   A gorilla that swung too far A zoo was barely making ends meet. The head zookeeper was keeping things together, but it was a struggle. Instead of a pride of lions, they had one lone lion. Instead of a band of gorillas, just two. The rest of the zoo animals were just as sparse. One day during a thunder and lightning storm, a single bolt of lightning struck the two remaining gorillas and killed them both instantly. Thankfully due to the storm, there were no people visiting the zoo and so the general public wasnt aware of the tragedy. The head zookeeper pulled a staff member aside and said "Hey, I've got a gorilla suit in the back. Why dont you put it on every day, get in the habitat and act like a gorilla and I'll see that you get paid an extra 50 a day." The staff member agreed, and everything seemed to be working out fine. The public thought it was an authentic gorilla, the staff member made an extra 50 a day and the zoo didnt have to go through the trouble of finding a new gorilla plus deal with the financial hassle of maintaining a real animal. The staff member realized one day that he could swing on the artificial vines on the tree in the habitat. He got quite good at it, and would at times swing out so far that he would leave the gorilla enclosure. The head zookeeper didnt care because he knew the gorilla was really a man in a gorilla suit, so he let it continue. The public loved it, thinking that a real gorilla was actually getting out of the enclosure, it heightened their sense of enjoyment. One fateful day, when the staff member gave a particularly vigorous swing, his momentum carried him quite far out of the range of the gorilla enclosure. In fact, he realized he was directly over the lion habitat. At that moment, the artifical vine snapped, and he tumbled down through the air. He landed flat on his back, knocking the wind out of him. The lone lion saw the gorilla fall, and sprang over with a roar. The man in the gorilla suit was terrified, and as his breath returned to him, he began to yell for help. "SAVE ME!!! I'M NOT A REAL GORILLA!!!" he yelled. At that moment, the lion moved his jaws towards the monkey head, opened his mouth and said... "Shut up you idiot, or we will both lose our jobs!"   What's the Difference Between America and "Keeping Up With the Kardashians"? I don't even know at this point...   2 guys fighting over who has the smartest dog The first guys dog runs around, sets up the tent, lights a fire, and cooks a boiled. The second guy says "that's nothing"! His dog runs around, sets up the tent, lights a fire, cooks a boiled egg, and then stands up on his front legs with his bum in the air. The first guy says, "what's he doing that for?" The second guy says "he knows I need something to hold my boiled egg"   Whats a Mexican gangsters favorite brand of pants? Dickies. They love the way they feel on their ass.   How many dead hookers in a basement does it take to change a light bulb? I'm not sure, but it's more than four because it's still fucking dark down there   A 10-year old boy heard some screaming and rustling coming from his parent's room... Thinking there is something wrong, he rushes in and sees his dad sweating and panting, and his mom turning red with embarrassment. "What are you doing?" Asked the boy. "Playing poker." Replied the dad. "Oh, but what's mom doing here?" The dad thinks about it, and replies, "she's my wild card, and you have to have a wild card to play poker." Satisfied, he leaves the room. Halfway down the hall he hears similar screams and sounds coming from his grandparent's room, so he bursts in and sees his grandpa and grandma both naked and holding each other. "Now what are you doing?" Asked the boy. "I'm playing poker." Said the grandpa. "And what about grandma?" The grandpa thinks about it, and replies, "well, she's my wild card, and you have to have a wild card to play poker." The boy turns and goes back to his room... The house fills with screaming and groaning. The dad and grandpa run into the hallway and open the little boys room where the sounds are coming from. "What are you doing in here?!?!" Asked the dad. "I'm playing poker!" Said The boy. "But you need to have a wild card to play poker." Said the grandpa. The boy ponders on this and answers, "Not if you have a good hand."   The local police station got broke into today and they stole all the toilets... The police have got nothing to go on   A man with no arms is looking for a job He searches the newspaper, and sees an ad to ring the bell in a church tower for minimum wage. Elated, he heads on over to the church and asks someone at the church if he can have the job. The person responds, "but how will you ring the bell without any arms?" So the man walks the many stairs up to the top of the tower, takes ten big steps back from the bell, runs forward as fast as he can and smashes his head right into the side of the bell. Clang, goes the bell. Impressed, the church person gives him the job. Every day for weeks from then on the man would walk all the way up the many stairs to the top of the tower, take ten big steps back from the bell, run forward as fast as he could and smash his head right into the side of the bell. And every day the bell goes clang in response. Until one day, the man took one too many steps back, slips off the edge of the tower, and splats onto the ground, dead. An obese woman screams. One man yells "who was that man who fell from the tower?" Another man responds "I don't know, but his face rings a bell."   64 of statistics are made up 90 of you didn't know that.   Wife wanted. A man inserted an 'ad' in the classifieds: "Wife wanted." Next day he received a hundred letters. They all said the same thing: "You can have mine."   What results when you cross a Hippo and a Crocodile? Pretty sure you die.   What did Japanese-mexican name his cat? Ari-gato   I'm instructor flashbang I earned that nickname from my ex-wife I don't get it but it kinda stuck   I went on a date with a 45 year old woman. Me: Would you like a drink? Her: No thanks, I tried it once a didnt like it. Me: Oh ok, that's unusual. Her: Not really, my daughter's exactly the same. Me: Your only child I assume?   All these women on the 48 dating sites Ive joined, seem so fucking sad and desperate.   A girl at work asks if I think she's a 10... I said "you're an 11." "Aww really?" she says with a huge smile. I said "yeah , you've got a great personality as well and that adds at least 10 points."   What's the difference between 911 and a Cow? America can't milk a cow for 15 years   4, 6, 8 and 9 have all been killed. 2, 3, 5, 7 and 11 are the prime suspects.   A nun asks another What would you do if someone with bad intentions gets ahold of you? Nun: I would lift up my dress Other Nun: Oh my! What would you do then? Nun: I would ask him to put his pants down Other Nun: Wow. I didn't expect this from you. What would you do after? Nun: I would run away. I bet I can run faster lifting my skirt than he can with his pants down.   A guy and a girl go on a first date. They go to the carnival that is in town. The guy asks her, what's the first thing you want to do? She says to get weighed. He's says alright let's go, takes her to the carny that that will guess her weight. The carny guesses 108lbs, she says he's wrong that she's 112lbs. So she gets to pick out a stuffy. So the guy asks her, now what would you like to do? She replies, get weighed. He thinks to himself that's odd but ok, proceeds to take her to the weigh booth again. The carny guesses her weight at 112lbs. No stuffy for her. He then asks her, now what do you want do? She replies again, get weighed. He figures this chick is crazy and this date is going no where so he calls it a night, drives her home and tells her this just won't work. The girl walks into her apartment and her roommate asks her, how did the date go? She replies, wousy.   How do oysters get around? In mussel cars.   I've got a part time job making rubberised computer keyboards. They offer flexible shifts.   I got drunk and hired a cheap lawyer last night. Think I might have contracted something...   I wish that I could buy the new iPhone... but iBroke.   Why doesn't Massachusetts have a Debate team? Because it would be called the Mass-Debate team.   Why did the blonde get so excited when she finished her jigsaw puzzle in only 6 months? Because on the box it said "From 2-4 years."   A bodybuilder named Scott A bodybuilder named Scott is working out at the gym and has just deadlifted 600 pounds, a personal best. Still holding the bar, he looks over to his trainer, who shouts: "Great, Scott!" And he replies: "I know, this is heavy."   "My name is Talia, my mother gave me that name." NSFW Batman: Is your first name Jenny? Coz then you'd be Jennytalia, and I hear you're a total cu.   First day of class at Hogwarts A group of first-year students walked into a classroom at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. The professor, Febuina Pell, was young for her profession and had never married, but was well respected and had written the very textbook to be used in the class. One of the students, a muggle-born child, gazed in awe at the chalk dancing across the board as it spelled out the professor's name. As they began the lesson, the muggle-born student struggled with one of the spells. He was reading it straight from his second-hand book, but his wand just wasn't responding as it should. It would spew yellow flames in all directions, repeatedly striking the bells in the tall clock in the corner or even landing in the ink wells on the desks, sizzling as the flames sputtered out. After searing his eyebrows for the 3rd time, he raised his hand for the professor to come over and help him. She looks over his shoulder, sees the writing in his book, and immediately recognizes the issue. The previous owner had spilled some tea on the pages and had attempted to re-write some of the words where the ink had faded. The result? Miss Pell's spell was misspelled, causing a mis-spell from hell for the bells and the wells.   What is the best mexican food to eat while you're watching Netflix? andchill-adas   A tragic case of malpractice and injustice So this unfortunate fellow comes down with gangrene and goes to the doctor. The doctor tells him that the leg will have to be removed. After the operation the man wakes up and to his horror the doctor had amputated the wrong leg. Of course the doctor had to go back in immediately and take off the correct leg. Months later the malpractice case was brought to court but the judge threw it out immediately as the plaintiff didn't have a leg to stand on.   How many vampires showed up to the garlic eating competition? I don't know, it was countless   Finally, i can play Golf in peace. A man and a friend are playing golf one day at their local golf course. One of the guys is about to chip onto the green when he sees a long funeral procession on the road next to the course. He stops in mid-swing, takes off his golf cap, closes his eyes, and bows down in prayer. His friend says: Wow, that is the most thoughtful and touching thing I have ever seen. You truly are a kind man. The man then replies: Yeah, well...we were married for 35 years.   OC What do you tell a preacher when they invite you over for spaghetti dinner? "Pasta pasta, pasta." :) EDIT: Say it out loud.   There were two fish in a fish tank. The first fish said, "How do you drive this thing?" The second fish said, "Holy crap! It's a talking fish!!"   If my last name were Plate, I'd open a computer repair shop... and call it Plate Tech Tonics.   "Peace out. See you guys in four years" -Democracy   A little girl gets lost in the supermarket A security guard asks her 'What's your mum like?' 'Big cocks and vodka', replied the little girl   What do you call a soup bowl from Krypton?! Well ... a kryptonian soup bowl, obviously.   Trump hosts Putin for a state dinner at The White House When a guest asks "Mr. President, what have the two of you been discussing all day?", to which Trump responds "Planning World War 3." The guest asks "What will that be like?" Trump: "We're going to kill 4 million muslims and one dentists." The guest appears confued and asks "But why one dentist?", when Putin leans over, slaps Trump on the shoulder and says: "See Donald, what did I tell you - no one will ask about the Muslims."   Beyonce Pregnant With Twins, Names Already Chosen Red and Yellow   When I was born my father said "Now I'm certain I want two children!" I was the third.   Putin, Hillary and Trump crash in a freak plane accident 100 kilometres into oacean from cuba. They all 3 drifting in saving raft. But luck! Trump finds 2 paddles, and they decide to row towards Cuba. Now they have to decide who will row. Before everyone becomes sexist, Hillary suggests to hold democratic election. After election as Hillary and Trump are rowing, Trump silently whispers to Hillary: "Don't you think Putin cheated? There is only three of us in raft, but each of us both got 5 votes..."   Beyonce is having twins! I wonder if they will be Red ivy and Green ivy   I wasn't sure about how to ask the love of my life to marry me So, I decided to ask her husband for advice.   A man goes to a priest . . . OC - I just made this up! . . . And confesses his sins. "Forgive me father, for I have sinned," he says. "I see a different woman every night." The priest frowns. "You have sinned greatly, young man, for every time you engage in intercourse with a different woman, a part of your soul is left in her. However, I forgive you." The man thanks the priest and continues on his way, vowing to never do it again - but later that night, he stumbles upon a gorgeous woman at a bar, who introduces herself as Mrs. Crux. Back at his house, he is engaging in intercourse with her. She asks him to speak dirty to her. He thinks for a moment, then cries, "You're my whore, Crux!"   Why did the chicken cross the road? He didn't because I'm vegetarian and offended.   The only thing smaller than Donald Trump's hands... The only thing smaller than Donald Trump's hands is Donald Trump's heart!   A group of four-year-olds were trying hard to become accustomed to school. The biggest hurdle they faced was that the teacher insisted on NO baby talk! "You need to use 'big people' words," she was always reminding them. "John, what did you do over the weekend?" "I went to visit my Nana." "No, you went to visit your GRANDMOTHER. Use 'big people' words!" She then asked Mitchell what he had done. "I took a ride on a choo-choo." "No, you took a ride on a TRAIN. You must remember to use 'big people' words," she said. She then asked little Alex what he had done. "I read a book," he replied. "That's wonderful!" the teacher said. "What book did you read?" Alex thought very hard about it, then puffed out his chest with great pride and said, "Winnie the SHIT!"   MOM! at school they tell me i'm too distracted! kid, i'm the neighbour, your house is across the street.   Back at school, I had a weird geometry teacher. He had warts all over his nose, and they had to remove a bit of his face due to an accident. You could say he had an... Irregular sir face.   What's the difference between Karl Marx and Donald Trump? Trump only advocates the seizing of a woman's means of production   I can't find my k(14a) I guess I've lost my focus...   I tried to rob a bank using jello cast in the shape of a gun The police charged me with carrying a congealed weapon   Some people worry drinking in the shower is a sign of alcoholism I just worry about keeping the water out of my beer   Marriage is like blackjack Marriage is like blackjack. You can either hit or stay, but you can't do both   Dad wanted to take me out for the first drink on my 21st birthday. We arrive at the local Elks Club, sit next to a few of his friends and he orders us a round. After taking a swig of that first beer he proclaims " boys there's nothing better than cold beer and tight pussy!" To which they all agree. He then turns, points at me and says " Then Fat Head here came along and ruined one of those for me!".   Obama was the Antichrist Trump is a facist dictator Either America has grown more tolerant or liberals don't believe in the Antichrist.   How many Trump supporters does it take to change a lightbulb? None. They just beat the room for being black.   What is the best secret intelligence service? MI6 have strong Bonds but the CIA Trumps all.   TIFU By making a guy choke in the middle of a long plane flight. So this happened about 2 years ago but it doesn't matter. So I was getting on the plane when a stewardess pulled me over just to inform me that I was sitting next to a 'special person'. He had major autism and had apparently EATEN his mum when he found her dead after she had a heart attack. Anyway, u sit down next to him to see that he is dressed as a viking of sorts. He had an eyepatch covering an eye and one of those viking helmets with one of the two horns broken off. So, I say hi and his carer next to him (on the other side) says hi back. Now, this is where the fuck up happens. Mid flight, everyone gets their food for lunch, the carer asks me a question about where I was from or something, and I I was turning to answer, my arm had a spasm and followed my head with fork in hand. The fork flew around strait into the autistic mans throat. This gave me a fright and I accidentally let go of the fork. This was bad, he was choking. His carer starts calling for a steward for help, and most people are freaking out. His face had turned purple... He was a one eyed, one horned, flying, purple, people eater.   Two firefighters Two firefighters are butt fucking in a smoke filled room. The chief walks in and yells,"what the fuck is going on in here?" The one firefighter says," he was suffering from smoke inhalation." So the fire chief asks," why didn't you try mouth to mouth?" The firefighter says," how the hell do you think this got started!"   What do you get hanging from banana trees? Long arms   A zebra dies and goes to heaven The zebra meets God and asks him the one true question that he's been wondering his whole life. "God, am I a white zebra with black stripes, or a black zebra with white stripes?" God responds, "You are who you are." It was then that the zebra knew he was white with black stripes. If he was black with white stripes, God would have told him, "You is who you is."   Donald Trump's releasing a hip-hop song this year Going Back To Calais   What's the difference between a penis and a vagina? NSFW I'd say there's quite a vas deferens.   Why did the Frenchman put snails in his gas tank? To make escargot.   I would love to be a mirror cleaner. I can see myself making a living that way...   My last relationship was like Forrest Gump She was a whore and I was retarded.   A Polak, an American, and a Russian all die and go to hell At the gates of hell, the devil tells them that they all weren't really bad people in life, and so if they can impress him, he'll let them go to heaven. He puts each of them alone in a windowless, furniture-less, completely empty cinderblock room, and gives them two small steel balls. He tells each of them "you have one hour. If you can do something with these here balls that impresses me, you can go to heaven. So an hour goes by, and he checks on the Russian first. "What have you done to impress me with these balls?" He asks. He finds one ball in the middle of the room and one in the corner. "You can't be serious! Off to hell you go" he says. Next he goes to the American. He finds finds the American balanced one ball perfectly on top of the other. "Now that's pretty cool. But I'm still not impressed. Off to hell for you too". Finally he comes to the Polak's room. "What have you done with the balls to impress me?" He asks. The Polak replies "Forgive me pan lucifer, I broke one and lost the other". The devil is so impressed that he managed to break a steel ball and lose one in a completely empty room that he lets him o to heaven.   Little Matt is doing his math homework ... Little Matt is doing his math homework, with his dad watching the news, not far away in the living room. 2 plus 3, the son of bitch is 5. His dad thinks he misheard, so he doesnt say anything. His son, very applied, goes on with his questions sheet. 4 plus 5, the son of bitch is 9. His dad is definitely sure of what he just heard, but as hes ready to ask, little Matt answers the next: 1 plus 6, the son of bitch is 7. -Matt, stop! Whats going on there? -Nothing dad, just doing my homework -Yeah, but what did you just say? -I said, the son of bitch is, as the teacher taught us, dad His father is livid. He won't allow cursing in his house. He calls little Matts teacher and has Matt repeat how he does math. The teacher laughs and tells the father I see! When I give them an example on the board, I say 1 plus 1, the sum of which is 2. The father, confused, replied anyway, thanks for letting me know. But I am still wondering where this little son of a bitch got that type of language from.   Why did the Secret Service arrest the recently immigrated masseuse? They said Melania told the masseuse after he was done to give the President a fist bump, not to fist Trump.   What was Harper Lee's favourite spirit to drink when she went claypigeon shooting? Tequila Mockingbird   A man frantically walks into the doctor's office... ...and begins to shout, "I'm a teepee! I'm a wigwam! I'm a teepee! I'm a wigwam!" "Calm down, calm down!" The doctor says. "You're two tents!"   Walking home after a girls' night out, two women pass a graveyard and stop to pee... The first woman has nothing to wipe with, so she uses her underwear and tosses it. Her friend, however, finds a ribbon on a wreath, so she uses that. The next day, the first woman's husband phones the second woman's husband, furious: "My wife came home last night without her panties!" "That's nothing," says the other. "Mine came back with a card stuck between her butt cheeks that said, 'From all of us at the fire station, we'll never forget you.'"   What does the pirate sell his corn for on the side of the street? Buck an ear.   It's a medical breakthrough! An Israeli doctor says: "In Israel, medicine is so advanced that we cut out a man's liver put it into another man, and in 6 weeks, he is looking for work." The German doctor says: "That's nothing, in Germany we took a part of a brain, put it in another man, and in 4 weeks he is looking for work." The Russian doctor says: "Gentlemen, we took half a heart from a man, put it in another's chest, and in 2 weeks he is looking for work." The American doctor laughs: "You all are behind us. About a week ago, we took a man with no brains, no heart, and no liver and made him our President. Now, the whole country is looking for work!"   What do you call a sad marijuana pipe? Miserabowl!   You Eat What? knock knock who's there? I eat yerp I eat yerp who That's disgusting, please stop   Did you guys hear about Mike Pence? His favorite supreme Court case is Nix v. Hadden involving the federal classification of the tomato. It's cause he loves when the government turns fruits into vegetables.   What are the two most important holes in a womans body? No!! Not them you dirty bastards!!!! Its her nostrils...they allow her to breathe while she's sucking your dick.   I fingered my girlfriend during her period Her parents caught me red handed.   What's the difference between a near death experience and a booty call? One is ducking fate and the other is a...   Why was the broom late? It overswept!   What's the favorite food of infinity. Cocaine. Cos it's a high number.   Did you hear about the rebellious Hebrew child? He went out and got stoned with his mates.   A blind man takes a stool sample to the hospital Everyone is looking at him with disgust as he asks for the optical department. "Sir the laboratory is to the right" "I don't need to go to the laboratory" He hops on the elevator and yet again is told the laboratory is to the right "I don't need to go to the laboratory! I need the optical department" Finally he gets there and the doctor looks at the sample and says "Sir this isn't the laboratory" The blind man out of rage then tells him "I don't need the godamn laboratory! I need to go to the optical department because every time I do this my eyes get watery!"   There's a rumor going around that someone in my group of friends is gay... I hope it's Josh, he's pretty cute.   Been reading a fascinating memoir about Latino street culture. It's a collection of ess.   I'm thinking about moving to Switzerland... For a couple of reasons, but their flag is a big plus.   Who is Pitbulls favorite sports icon? Dale! Earnhardt Jr.   What do you call a fake TV bought on craigslist? A video-con.   What do you do when a chemist dies? You barium.   Why is a cat like a joke? If you dissect it, it dies.   What kind of table is good for your health? A vegetable! This joke was made by adorable 8-year-old niece! It wasn't. It was made by a 27 year old. Me. It was made by me.   How does Princess Leia like her showers? Lukewarm.   The other day I had food poisoning And I had diarrhea for a whole week. I shit you not   I haven't lost my virginity yet... Because i never lose   What would the name be of a magician duo containing a chicken and a deaf woman? Hen and Keller.   Little Johnnie and Uncle Ron's morals. Little Johnnie was in his 4th grade class one day when his teacher gave them an assignment. "Okay kids, tonight you have a homework assignment, go home and ask your families to tell you a story that has a moral", the teacher said. The next day little Johnnie is sitting in class when he was called upon to share his moral. "Do you have a story Johnnie?", she asked. "Yes ma'am", he replied. "My Uncle Ron told me a story of when he was in the war. He said he was in a chopper on the way to an evac zone when the chopper pilot was shot and wounded. As the chopper went down Uncle Ron found a case of whiskey and started drinking. When the chopper landed a platoon of enemy soldiers came out of the tree line and started attacking! Uncle Ron finished the last bottle of whiskey, jumped out of the chopper and killed half of the platoon with his rifle in a long heated battle. When he ran out of ammo he charged in head first and beat the other half of the platoon to death with his bare hands! He then loaded the wounded in the chopper and jumped in the pilot's seat, with no training whatsoever he flew the chopper out of the area and to safety!" "Oh, uhhh, oh my." She said noticeably flustered. "Well, is the moral of the story how in the face of great adversity people can overcome anything?" Little Johnnie replied, "Face of gre... no, the moral of the story is don't fuck with Uncle Ron when he's been drinking."   Another college girl with a very active sex life... She especially loved hooking up with prisoners and professional ice hockey players. Those were kind of her fetishes, and she didn't know why. She didn't really like to use condoms, though, which was very dumb of her, and she knew that, but she thought it felt so much better without one. Also, she was on birth control. Only, one day, her period didn't come as expected. She thought it was probably nothing, but she was suspicious nonetheless. She went to the store and bought a pregnancy test, and, lo and behold, she was indeed pregnant. Well, shit. Due to her active sex life and having slept with all those pro players and prison boys, she didn't really know, which one of them had gotten her pregnant. She thought about what she was to do. Should she keep the baby? How could she find the father? And then it hit her. She had to make a list of all the pros and cons.   My sister bet me a hundred dollars I couldnt build a car out of spaghetti. You should've seen the look on her face as I drove pasta!   Two Guys in a Jail cell There's two guys in a cell and the one the guys says to the other : Man 1 : since we in here fo life, me and you gonna get married. But I'm nice... I'll let you decide if you wanna be the husband or the wife . Man 2: "The husband of course" Man 1: "Then why don't you come here and suck your wife's dick.   Putin, Trump, and Merkel are walking down a beach... ... Somewhere off the coast of Spain. They're enjoying themselves, toes in the sand, talking lightheartedly about trivial matters under the bright, warm sun, when Putin brings up the topic of submarines. "Russian sub engineering is the greatest in the world!" Explains Putin, "Our subs can stay underwater hunting stealthily for six months at a time." "Hah, Sad! That's nothing compared to the American brilliance, pathetic!" boasted Trump, "Our subs have been under for the past two years without surfacing, Excellent! Some are even built underwater, Wonderful!" Meanwhile, Merkel appeared somewhat uninterested in the topic, gazing off into the sea. All of a sudden, a great rumbling and frothing appeared on the surface of the water, and a metal porthole popped up. The lid opened, a raggedy old man crawled out, flopped through the water to the beach, and rolled over to the leaders, before rising to his feet and saluting, declaring "We are in need of food in water in order to continue our path to glory, oh, and HEIL HITLER!"   That day in lab I nearly made a science joke ...but my friend said Na.   Did you hear about the new tax law Trump has issued? I don't know much about it but it seems tariff-eyeing.   TIFU by accidentally giving my girlfriend my sandwich that had extra cheese when she's lactose intolerant Whoops, wrong sub.   What did the number 0 say to the number 8? "Nice belt."   I feel very akward when I watch dance instruction videos. Always staring at the feet.   Where does the king keep his armies? In his sleevies   My girlfriend broke up with me cause I stole her wheelchair But I knew she'd come crawling back to me.   Yo mama so fat Aliens thought she was our Dyson Sphere   People say I'm superficial ...but that's just on the surface.   Where do Christians go after throwing up? Heave'in   What do you call a homeless horse? Unstable.   A drunk guy looks at a wanted poster... And thinks 'why would they let him go after clicking the pic'   Backstage at Project Runway, Tim walked past me holding some coffee. I said, "Hey, Gunn, where you going with that joe in your hand?"   It's still hard to take Trump seriously. For some reason I get the feeling he's just Putin us on.   Why did a banana go to the doctor? because he wasnt.. peeling well hahahah (ill find the door)   Doctor's Discussion An Israeli doctor says : " In Israel , medicine is so advanced that we cut off a man 's liver put them on another man , and in 6 weeks , he is looking for work . " The German doctor says : " That 's nothing , in Germany we take part of a brain , put it in another man , and in 4 weeks he is looking for work . " The Indian doctor says : " Gentlemen , we take half a heart from a man , put it in another 's chest , and in 2 weeks he is looking for work . " The American doctor laughs : " You all are behind us . Two days ago , we took a man with no brains , no heart , and no liver and made him President.   I used to date a girl that only had one leg... Her name was Ilene and she worked at IHOP   My girlfriend is a Trump supporter who ran out of breakfast bread. She lacks toast and tolerance.   What do you call the hair on a cows lip? A Moo-stache. The perks of having too much free time in a call center.   One saggy boob said to the other saggy boob... "We need to pick ourselves up otherwise everyone will think we're nuts"   My girlfriend often accuses me of telling sexist, condescending jokes that target women. I've explained to her those jokes are actually ironic jabs at the current state of post-modern feminism, designed to highlight societal double standards across genders. So she needn't worry her pretty little head about it.   Did you hear about that mentally disabled kid who shoved a burger up his ass? I think he's got assburger syndrome.   After a long day of eroding civil rights, Donald can't wait to get home and remove Melania's panties. She really gets upset when he stretches them out.   You get the most from a Women's Studies degree when you... ...spend a semester studying abroad.   What is Snoop's favorite contraction? We'd   A prostitute asks her doctor if he could drill another hole next to her ass. The surprised doctor asks why...? "Business is going well, I want to open another branch" she replied.   MI6 is Hiring MI6 needed a new recruit, they had thousands of applicants. Needing only one person, they held multiple tests, and interviews, until they finally narrowed it down to these last three men, an Englishman, an Irishman, and a Scotsman. The Chief of MI6 had one final test. A test that would surely be able to leave them with one man at the most. He invites the Englishman to a room, this room had two doors, one where they entered and another directly behind the chief. In the middle, between the doors was a desk, where the Chief sat. "Morning lad", Said the director, "What exactly are you prepared to do for your country?" "Anything you tell me to do", he said proudly. "Good.", the chief responded. He slid a handgun across the desk, toward the recruit. "Your wife is in the next room. I want you to go in there and kill her." The young man took the gun and slowly walked in the room. Minutes pass, and he eventually walks out and gives the weapon back. "I'm sorry, I can't do it. I've just married her and I can't let her go." "That's fine," the Director answered. "You're excused." The Irishman comes in next, an older chap. The same scenario plays out, gun is handed to him, he is told his wife is in the next room, he enters and shuts the door behind himself and after a few minutes pass he eventually comes out. "I can't do it", says the older recruit, "I've been married for two years, she's my wife and the mother of my children." The director excuses him, and in comes the Scotsman. "We have one last test", Said the director. "Yeah, what is it, then?", he said. He slides the gun across the desk. "Your wife is in the next room. Go kill her." "The misses?" He asked. The director nodded. The went in the room, closed the door, and barely time has passed before shots are heard. BANG... BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG A few more seconds pass. CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH The Scott stumbles out, exhausted. The Chief stands up. "What the bloody hell was that all about?!", he asked in a panic. "Well, ya see", he explained," the blasted gun was filled with blanks so I had to use the chair!"   I keep wanting to try Kraftig... But the last time Germans talked about purity my ancestors had to flee the continent.   Mike rushed into a math class while in full session Mike rushed into a math class while in full session. The teacher was aghast: - Why are you so late Mike? Mike tried to calm down: - Gunmen in ski masks attacked me. The teacher reached out to him: - Oh My God! Are you hurt? Mike: - No, but they managed to grab my homework.   What do French people do on Valentine's Day? They d'clair their love to each other.   A Man Lost his Wife In Tsunami A Man Lost his Wife In Tsunami One Drunk-Night .. while standing on the Seashore, waves touching on his feets . He shouted to the Sea: 'No matter how many times your Waves Touch my Feet . . . I'll Never take her back .. !! Its your mistake.. Deal With It Now....   a priest, rabbi and, caliphate walk into a bar they woke up in the hospital with a concussion.   Doors of my house are open for you always. Get out!   Difference between twins I've fucked a set of twins. People have asked me how hard it was to tell them apart, but it was actually quite easy. You see, Caroline was a redhead with an amazing pair of tits, And frank had a cock.   A police officer's Siamese twin brother was a criminal... He was con fused.   Teach a man to fish, and he'll be able to eat for a lifetime. Teach a Nigerian to phish, and he'll become a prince.   Stop posting Chuck Norris jokes on the Internet. Chuck Norris will delete the internet.   I am a loyal man. When I go out shopping with my mom, I don't look at other moms.   A priest, a minister, and a rabbi hear about a bear causing trouble in the woods nearby. The three men, friendly rivals, decide among themselves that what this bear needs to be soothed is some religion, so they declare it a contest to see who can convert it. They draw straws, and the Catholic priest is the first to try. He heads into the woods, and comes back three hours later with a few claw swipes across his face and hands, and tells the other two, "I read from the Catechism, and the bear seemed to enjoy that, but when I sprinkled him with holy water, he tried to maul me, and I ran!" The Protestant minister is the second to go, and he's gone all evening, meeting his friends the next afternoon, with a bandage around his head and a broken leg. He says to them, "I found the bear by the river, and I preached to him from God's holy word, and he was as gentle as a lamb, until I tried to baptize him in the river; he nearly bit my head off and I had to bolt for my life!" Lastly went the Jewish Rabbi, off into the woods. His friends hear nothing from him for two days, until they receive the word that he's in hospital. They rush over to find him in the ICU, a cast covering most of his body, and vicious wounds all over the rest of him. They frantically ask him what happened, and between laboured breaths through the ventilator, he mutters, "You know, thinking about it, I probably shouldn't've opened with the circumcision.."   Rumor has it there's a basketball court on the roof of the Supreme Court building. It's the highest court in the land.   What is the difference between me and trash? Nobody takes me out   I didn't know what to get my mother for Christmas I turned to my colleagues and asked what I should get for her when my boss says "Get her some slippers and a dildo, if she doesn't like the slippers she can go and fuck herself"   I went to the doctors about my hearing.. I went to the doctors about my hearing and the doctors asked me "Can you describe the symptoms?" I said "Yeah, Homer's fat and Marge has blue hair"   Man walks into a restaurant and asks the waiter "what's the special today?" Waiter replies "Oasis soup" - Man: "why is it called Oasis soup?" Waiter replies "cos you get a roll with it"   To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office: I will find you.. You have my Word.   A young man goes into a drug store to buy condoms. The pharmacist says the condoms come in packs of 3, 9 or 12 and asks which the young man wants. "Well," he said, "I've been seeing this girl for a while and she's really hot. I want the condoms because I think tonight's "the" night. We're having dinner with her parents, and then we're going out. And I've got a feeling I'm gonna get lucky after that." "Once she's had me, she'll want me all the time, so you'd better give me the 12 pack." The young man makes his purchase and leaves. Later that evening, he sits down to dinner with his girlfriend and her parents. He asks if he might give the blessing and they agree. He begins the prayer, but continues praying for several minutes. The girl leans over to him and says, "You never told me that you were such a religious person." The boy leans over to her and whispers, "You never told me that your father is a pharmacist."   The weirdest thing I've heard during sex is "Cum inside me." I got pretty freaked out. Why? Hands don't talk.   A couple of years ago I was about to propose to my girlfriend... A couple of years ago I was about to propose to my girlfriend when all of a sudden my friend Joseph came barging through the door, tripping directly upon my glass coffee table, broken glass all over his face. This completely ruined the mood. Now I haven't known Joe for very long at this point, hell I didn't even know where he was from, but this put my romantic plans on hold while we helped him through his injuries. Joseph had got glass in his left eye, rendering the eye completely useless. He had to walk around for months with one of those cotton patches on while it healed. Then out of nowhere this bastard just disappeared... With my girlfriend! Apparently through his struggling time after the injuries, they had became very close, they left me behind without as much as even a single note. I tried tracking them down through out the years but I've had no such luck. In conclusion, if it hadn't been for cotton eye Joe, I'd have been married a long time ago. Where did you come from? Where did you go? Where did you come from, cotton eye Joe?   What do you call a round table meeting of a bunch of chronic masturbators? A circumference BADUMTSS   What makes me a good scottish man? Well if i were a bad scottish man,i wouldn't have been discussing this with ya now would i?   what do you get when you cross a bison with a duck? buffalo bill   Where do dogs go when they lose their tail? To the retail store   What do you can an acoholic dwarf? Just a little drunk.   I got arrested the other day after police found me covering a boy with melted sugar I was charged with child molassation   Noticing a woman sitting alone at a table in a bar... .. a man goes over to chat with her. After talking to her for a while he makes his move. "Stop!" says the woman as the man tries to kiss her. "I'm sorry but I'm keeping myself pure until I meet the man I truly love." "Wow", says the man, "that must be difficult." "It's not too bad", replied the woman. "My husband's quite upset though."   I told my teacher to tell a joke He said "Want me to announce your grades?"   Holmes and Watson were investigating a murder at an archaeological dig-site Holmes picks up several of the rocks and pebbles surrounding the murder victim. After a while, Holmes turns to his companion and says "I've cracked the case. The suspect was clearly murdered with a blow to the head by a rock, which then crumbled and scattered into pieces." "How on Earth can you tell?" exclaims Watson. "It's sedimentary, my dear Watson."   I'm not addicted to drinking brake fluid.... I can stop any time I want.   Two silk worms are in a wrestling match It ended in a tie.   Black History Month A kid in my class asked why we had a Black History Month and not a White History Month. I told him we had eleven.   A man was speeding on the highway before he was pulled over by a police officer. The police officer approached his car and the man rolled down his window. 'Sir, do you have any clue on how fast you were just going?' the police officer asked him. 'Well, I had to, didn't I officer, I was trying to get away from a crime scene. Robbery, weren't it, officer? ' 'What? Why did you need to escape? Were you...involved?' the police officer questioned, slightly confused. 'Right, sir, ' he replied with his midland accent. The police officer's immediate reaction was to open the car door and attempt to subdue the man. 'Hold on, officer. Don't go near my glove compartment, got a gun in there, don't I?' By now, the officer was confused, shocked and bewildered as to how these events had happened despite this man's obvious stupidity. He called backup, and in no time, police cars and helicopters flooded the scene. The man and his vehicle had been taken to the police station. After checks of both, a different police officer approached the man. 'Sir, one of our police officers informed us that you had stolen goods in your car as well as a gun in your glove compartment. However, after a thorough search, none of these items were found in your vehicle.' 'That liar told you that?' the man said. 'I bet he told you I was speeding as well.'   They said "Find something you love to do and you will never work a day in your life" They are darn right, that field isn't hiring!   Why does Donald Trump wear such a long tie? It's his leash.   My grandfather had a heart of a lion... and also a lifetime ban from the zoo.   Hitler was caught jacking off by a dead jew. Hitler: Oh no, I did Nazi you there.   I used to have a pet leech. It was attached to me.   Can't blame Monica Lewinsky for getting her dress dirty... I'm sure she just didn't see it coming...   A monster in london By the 15th century, the Templar Knights had disappeared, but deep in the bowels of the British Museum in a case well sealed and protected lies a strange memorial to their impact on the city of London. London of the early 12th century was on its way to becoming an impressive city, but its life and its blood was the Thames River. Without the river commerce would grind to a halt as the people of London discovered to their horror in 1216. The first ships seemed simply to have disappeared, but the monster wasted little time in this caution. Soon, many Londoners had seen the gaping maw licked by flames dragging a hapless crew to its death. It was a fire salamander, and in the Autumn of 1216 it was estimated to be 40 feet long with jaws that gaped 10 feet wide. By the spring of 1217, the monster was no longer a nuisance, it was a deadly plague. No boat could navigate the Thames no raft was small enough, no ship was large enough to resist the demon of the Thames. Worse, the beast was growing! The latest reports called it 70 feet long with jaws opening 15 feet. Our instinct is to discount this absurd growth, and yet few could impeach its source. He, our source, enters the story in August of 1217. London had begged, prayed, blasphemed, and killed in desperate attempts to exorcise or appease their curse; to no avail. On June 14, four men painted themselves with the Devils Cross and proclaimed themselves the Dark Priests of the Beast. They built a ship and doused it in oil; then, they sailed it down the river. Dark Priests they may have been, but they died screaming like any man. On July 28, London sent three virgins (the youngest not yet 13) down the Thames to the monster. It was thought that this would appease the evil god: the monsters hunger exceeded even this atrocity. On August 23, our source received his summons. His given name is lost in his chosen name: Honorus. He was a Templar Knight and possibly a saint. That morning, he was commanded to destroy the beast. London in fear and desperation had turned to their most jealous weapon, the Templars warrior monks who fought with the fierce, perhaps fanatic, frenzy of the devout. The city had exhausted all other options; the monks were its last hope, and Honorus was the greatest of the Knights. The battle was truly a footnote to his preparation Honorus ventured into the woods upstream from London. He forsook shelter, clothing, food, and sleep for four days, meditating on the coming struggle. When the four days ended, he stalked and killed a stag without weapon or aid. With the skin of the stag he made clothing; from its flesh he regained his strength; and with its guts, he lashed five logs into a raft fit for his purpose. Honorus set the raft in motion. He had outfitted himself with the only item he would use in this fight which had not come out of the forest with him. A sword of Spanish steel, blue with the sky, lay in his lap. Soon, he felt the swell of the water disturb his raft: the monster was coming, yet he sat unmoving. The beast broke the surface. No human is perfect; a splinter of the collapsing raft clipped Honorus left foot as he leapt into the water. He had timed his jump slightly too late, but no matter, the injury will not be important until after the battle. The monster was above the water only momentarily; time enough for Honorus to drive his sword between two of its scales. The monster thrashed in pain, turning its exposed flesh from the steaming water. Honorus was lifted from the water as the beast rolled. He gauged his stroke and leapt, striking the monsters eye. Angered and half blinded, the beast threw Honorus into the river and grasped him in its immense jaws. Honorus swam quickly past the teeth into the monsters mouth. Inside, the questing tongue scalded his feet as he searched for purchase again, and we shall ignore this injury for now. Once he had braced himself inside the beasts mouth, pushing with all his strength against the slowly rising tongue, he took aim. Honorus had time to make only one thrust. When his journal recalls these events, it attributes Honorus luck in this battle to aid from the Divine. We do not wish to detract from the glory of God, but surely He will not envy His servant. Is it coincidence that Honorus blade struck true to the brain? Honorus had already studied carefully the anatomy of the salamander a week before he was summoned to fight the beast. Did Honorus not know that the waters rush against the beasts exposed flank would cause it such pain? In his journal, August 24: And once I am atop the beast and it has rolled from the water, where then to strike? Two weeks after Honorus was told to lift the curse of London, the beast was dead. The next day London celebrated Honorus; the town would live because of him. Three days later, gratitude had disappeared. The body of the beast had lodged itself firmly in the mire less than half a mile downstream of London. Although it was yet intact (perhaps due to its incredible armor), it would surely soon rot. While not so great a terror, the rotting beast would be almost as dangerous as the live beast, attracting disease and scavengers. No ship could move the carcass. The people of London called upon Honorus. Honorus solution was difficult but practical, and he began as soon as he had retrieved his sword. He fasted for two days; then, he ate the cooked meat of the huge salamander and fasted for a third day. When he suffered no ill effects, Honorus began dissecting the beast. With the help of London, Honorus soon had all the usable meat and intestines of the dead beast transformed into sausage. A bizarre solution it was, but a good one. The sausage was soon discovered to be excellent and to keep easily for very long periods of time. Even more important, the sausage fast became incredibly popular throughout England and much of Europe. It began to reestablish the fame of Londons trade after the Hiatus of the Beast. Still, Honorus has one final contribution to this history It became vital that everyone knew from whence the incredible sausage of London came, and thus we return to Honorus injuries. After the battle with the live beast and the crisis of the dead beast, Honorus took time to recover. Six weeks after he was first summoned, he was dressing the injuries on his feet. The problems of London were known to him. As he dipped a strip of paper like gauze into a healing salve, he had a thought. One week later, each sausage shipped from London carried a fascinating new development: a label. Just as the gauze dried and closed on Honorus foot, the parchment around these sausages was attached; and all would know the fame of London from each link she sold. In the end, despite all his other feats, it was this idea, the product label, that survived Honorus. In tribute to this advance, the British Museum houses the only known surviving label from Honorus sausages. And although even the tough gut of the Beast has long since faded to dust, the label may still be read. If our reader could go to the Museum and enter the Medieval wings most treasured collection, she could still read, in faint letters, the Label of Honor: It Was The Beast Of Thames, It Was The Wurst Of Thames   the ghostly act of not respecting your equals disapeer   the pink gorilla Here it is, the one that started rfeghoot. So a man is on a business trip through Romania. He had missed the train and so had to take his car instead. His car was around 20 years old and was not really up to the trip, but needing to close a deal for his company, he was determined to make it there on time. So he started to drive down the highway. He spent an hour or so on the freeway and things were going well but he saw ahead there was a large backup in traffic. Not knowing how long this jam would take he uses his phone's gps to find an alternate route. He exits the freeway and starts down a long two lane road that began to wind through the mountains. After many miles he begins to question weather this was really the best road he could have taken, but the gps said that in another 30 miles he would re-join the highway, so he continued on. As he was driving he encountered a very steep climb up through a mountain pass. As he reached the top he heard a loud bang and the vehicle shook violently. He coasted just enough to make it over the pass and start downhill. He stopped at the peak of the climb and opened up the hood and being not very mechanically inclined, he had no idea what was wrong. He got back in the car and tried to start the car but it just would not start. So he decided to try and coast down the hill and see how far he could get, or possibly come across a petrol station. He coasted down the hill for almost a full mile and as it flattened out, slowly the car rolled to a halt. Having seen nothing within the Last ten miles he decides to try and call a towing company to get his car, but his phone has no signal and is almost dead. So having seen nothing in the last 20 miles, he decides to lock his car and continue on foot to see if he can find someone with a phone. He continues on foot for several miles till he sees a small driveway which shows no signs of recent use. He decides it's worth a shot to go check this out. He walks down this driveway for at least half a mile before he finds a massive iron gate connected to a large stone wall on each side. As he approaches the gate, the gate creaks and squeaks and slowly opens inward. A bit startled, he cautiously walks through the gate and continues down the path. He hears a noise behind him and he turns to see the gate slowly swing shut and close with a loud bang. The man jumps at the sound and decides this wasn't the best idea, so he runs quickly back to the gate, but it is shut and refuses to open. He decides to continue on and go find the house on this property. He walks for another 5 minutes before seeing a massive mansion looming in front of him. The front doors must have been 20 feet tall, and there were hundreds of windows and it was 8 stories tall with a tower on the far right side of the house. The man slowly walks up the massive stone steps and through the huge pillars and right up to the large wooden doors. He finds the courage to grab the massive lions head knocker and knock on the door. Supprisingly quickly a short man in a butlers uniform opens the door. "can I help you?" asks the butler "yes I was looking for a telephone. My car broke down and I don't have cell signal and..." "follow me." said the butler, sternly cutting him off. He follows the small butler into the largest foyer he has ever seen with rich thick red carpets on the floor and gigantic iron chandeliers hanging from a ceiling so high it reminded him of a Gothic cathedral he had seen many years ago in Italy. The butler shows him the telephone and telephone book and leaves him to call the towing company. The towing company is quite busy and because of the distance to his car from any major town, they are not able to send a truck till the next morning. "what did they say?" asked the butler. "they can't send a truck till tomorrow. Is there a chance I could mayb..." "Right this way, we have many guest bedrooms." says the butler cutting him off again. He follows the butler down a long hallway lined with suits of armour and shields with different coats of arms. "geez," says the man, chuckling to himself, "do you have talking teacups and a monster for a Master?" The butler responded with silence as he continued to lead him through the mansion. Finally, after what seemed like ages, they reached a lavishly decorated bedroom with a large four post bedroom and a Supprisingly large and modern bathroom. "we have a full buffet just down at the end of the hall to your right, but before anything else, I need to show you something." The butler then takes him back to the main foyer. He walks up to a giant Fireplace. He pushes on a big stone on the corner of the hearth and the back wall of the fireplace slides away to reveal a passage. He walks down this passage turns a corner goes down a set of stairs around another corner, back up some stairs and through a large door with a big brass knob. In the middle of the room was a big cage with a pink gorilla sitting in one corner. "you must never touch the pink gorilla!" said the butler as he quickly turned and ushered the man back through the doorway, down the stairs, around the corner, up the stairs, around the corner, down the hallway and out the fireplace. The butler then quickly walked away and disappeared through a door that then locked. Not sure what to think, the man goes back to his room and takes a long shower. After his shower, he goes to bed and tries to sleep, but he can't stop thinking about the pink gorilla. Why would that butler even show him the gorilla? It's not like he would have found the cage by accident. He eventually decides he wants to go take another look. not to touch, but just to look. He had been going over the image of that gorilla in his mind and he couldn't decide if what he saw was real or not. So he crept out of his room and down to the foyer. The fireplace was closed and he knew he would have to push the secret rock, but he didn't want to alert the butler or anyone else in the house. He tries to carefully push the button, making as little noise as possi... SHHHOOOK BAM! He froze and looked around to see if the loud noise woke anyone. Luckily it seems that no one heard or cared and so he slowly entered through the fireplace and walked slowly down the hallway. He went around the corner at the end of the hallway, down the stairs, around the other corner, up the stairs and then slowly turned the big brass doorknob. The door opened with a loud creak and revealed the large cage with the pink gorilla now sitting in a different corner. He slowly walked around the cage untill he was at a point where the gorilla was a mere arms length from the cage bars. The pink gorilla was sitting there snoring, sleeping like a baby. By this time, the man had decided he had to find out what would happen if he touched the gorilla. So he slowly reached in the cage and softly poked the gorilla in the arm. He stood there waiting for the gorilla to react but nothing happened. So he reached out and poked the gorilla a bit harder. This time the gorilla moved to scratch the spot he had touched. The gorilla then awoke. Sniffing his arm he uttered a low guttural growl. The man quickly withdrew his arm and headed for the door. The gorilla then released a long loud cry and started going crazy at the bars of the cage. He started actually bending the bars, getting it close to where he could actually get out. Then he ripped one of the bard off and howled again. At this point, the man, terrified, started sprinting out the door. He ran as fast as he could, down the stairs, around the corner, up the stairs. As he reached the top step he could hear the gorilla starting down the stairs behind him. He ran even faster down the hallway and out the fireplace. He frantically started mashing the secret stone to get the fireplace to close. And as if in slow motion the back began to slide back in place. It moved so slowly that the man wasn't sure it would close in time. As bit was half closed he saw the gorilla round the last corner. In a mad hope to get it to close faster he started mashing the button again but to no avail. Just as the massive stone was about to close the gorilla puts his hand in the small Crack left open. He slowly started pulling the large stone wall back open. Terrified, the man ran out the front door and sprinted back down the driveway. He came to the iron gate and again it wouldn't open for him. So he began to climb. He got to the top and as he climbed over he heard the gorilla's cry and being so startled he fell down on the other side of the gate tearing his new clothes in the process. He stumbled down the driveway towards the main road and as he looked back he saw the gorilla climbing up the gate. Running as hard as he could he ran back to the main road and then back towards his car, the gorilla not far behind. He finally reaches his car exhausted, he tries to start his car but it just won't start. The gorilla running up to the car as he tries again to start the car. The gorilla roars and the man reaches over and pushes down the lock by his shoulder and tries again in vain to start the car. The gorilla then starts to push and rock the car, violently shaking the car. He eventually rips off the driver side door. The gorilla then leans down and roars right in the man's cowering head, spewing phlegm all over his face and shoulders. The gorilla then reaches his arm into the car and pokes the man in the shoulder and says, "you're it."   A cowboy walks into a deserted saloon... And there's no tinkling waltz on the piano, no gentle buzzing about the days activities, it's empty. A mournful bartender polishes an immaculate glass and halfheartedly waves away a fat, clueless fly. The cowboy sidled into a stool and fished a coin out of his pocket. He flicked it with his thumb, and it sang in the air before ringing out on the wooden bar. "Say friend, you got a whiskey?" The coin rattles to a stop, and the bartender looks up with a patient smile. "That is," says the cowboy, "if you're not too busy." "No sir," says the barman. "Never too busy." He pops the top off a dark bottle of rye and pours a generous glass. The cowboy throws it back, licks his lips, and says, "My, my, my. Doesn't do any good in the bottle, does it?" "I suppose it doesn't," says the bartender. The fly buzzes by. "Well!" says the cowboy, clearly itching for company. "Where in the Sam Hell is everybody?" "Oh," says the bartender, "they're all at the hangin'." "Hangin'? "Hangin'." The cowboy motions for another belt of brown, and the bartender obliges. "Now who might they be hangin' today?" The bartender puts his rag on his shoulder, looks the cowboy straight in the eye and says, "Sir, today they're hangin' none other than 'Brown Paper Pete'." "Brown Paper Pete?" "The very same." The cowboy points to the now empty glass and makes the international 'just one more' gesture. "That's an interesting name, isn't it?" "It does have an air about it, sir." "Now why do you suppose they call him that?" "Well sir," says the bartender, "they call him 'Brown Paper Pete' because he wears a brown paper hat." "Does he now?" "He does." "And if it rains?" "He wears it all the same." "My goodness." "That ain't the half of it, sir! See, he also wears himself a brown paper shirt." "A shirt?" "And a brown paper tie. Both of which are firmly ensconced in a well-fitted brown paper frock coat. Do you want me to tell you about his pants?" "I think I have a pretty fair idea," says the cowboy. "Would it be presumptive of me to assume that they are made of brown paper as well?" "They are indeed. And he has a nice pair of brown paper boots, and a fine set of brown paper socks." "It appears," says the cowboy, "that this outlaw's sobriquet is well-earned!" "Now I don't know what that specifically means, sir. But I'll wager I agree." The cowboy sips in silence. The fly makes another round. The bartender goes back to polishing the gleaming glass. "So!" says the cowboy. "What are they hangin' him for?" The bartender puts down the glass, wipes a smudge from the bar, looks up at the cowboy and says, "Rustlin'."   I have one advice to the people of rNoFap Go fuck yourself.   A man wakes up in a dingy slum with no memory of how he got there. He wanders around aimlessly before he finds even one person who will talk to him. Some ratty beggar on the street turns out to be nice enough to explain where he is. "You're in the afterlife!" he tells the man, "But you must have been a real shithead when you were alive, because this is the fourth ring, and only the worst people come here." All of a sudden, a siren goes off, one of those air-raid things. The man is terrified but the beggar gets up calmly and leads him to a big, dilapidated warehouse where thousands of other similarly unkempt souls are gathering. When the man asks why they're all here, the beggar points to a line of folding tables against the wall. Each table has some moldy bread, cups of dingy water, and some bowls of broth so thin they could have just run out of cups. Only then does the man realize how hungry he is. A guard in heavy body armor blows a whistle and all the people arrange themselves into three lines. The beggar is helpful enough to explain them for the man. "That one's the bread line, that's the broth line, and that's the water line. All the food here is free, but if you want to get out of this maggot hole, you've got to work, because the gate guards into the third ring ask five hundred dollars to get through. I've heard the food is better there." So the man gets his food. It's abominable, and right then and there, he vows to make five hundred dollars and get into the third ring. Unfortunately for him, very few people need work in the afterlife, especially when all of them are saving up to emigrate. Even still, after ten years of hard work, eating the moldy bread and indistinguishable soup and water, he finally saves up enough money. The guards let him through and he finds himself in the third ring. It's nothing too fancy, if anything, it's a bit below average for a real city, but to his eyes it is paradise. All the guards look much friendlier, and the houses and buildings, while not spacious or lavish, are at least up to code. And to his surprise, he runs right into a familiar former beggar as he crosses the street. "What are the odds?" they both ask and they get to conversing. The beggar, it turns out, only managed to make it in himself a few months back. Their conversation is interrupted, however, by what sounds like a school bell. When the man seems confused, the beggar leads him to what looks like a giant gymnasium. Here, people are gathering once again, and the man begins to understand. On a line of folding tables against one wall are stacks of hot dogs, big bowls of salad, and solo cups full of fresh lemonade. A cop shouts for everyone's attention and directs them all to stand in three lines. The beggar smiles at the man's wonder and points to each line in turn. "That's the hot dog line, that's the salad line, and that's the lemonade line." The man gets in each line in turn and gets himself his lunch. While he's eating, basking in joy at not being stuck with old bread and water, the beggar encourages him, "The best part is, halfway through the year, they switch from hot dogs, salad, and lemonade to chicken, chili, and hot chocolate. You can never get tired of it!" Sadly, this proved not to be true. After only a few days, the man did again get tired of the same meal every day. But he knew firsthand that he could change his lot, so one day he went up to the wall of the second circle. This time the guards were asking for ten thousand dollars. Well, the man didn't like it, but he figured he had his whole afterlife ahead of him now that he was out of the fourth circle, and he could certainly take some time to save up. After ten years of hard work, it wasn't too difficult for him to keep up the work ethic, and only twenty years later, he went back to the guards of the second ring with the money in hand. He went through the gate and found himself in a glittering, clean city full of glass and steel. And wouldn't you know it, but there, standing across the street was the same beggar, only now he was wearing a well-fitted suit. The man greeted the beggar as an old friend and they started talking again. Once again, their conversation was interrupted, only this time it was by beautiful church bells. "Come," the beggar told him, "I'll take you to the evening meal." So the man followed and they entered a glamorous ballroom filled with beautiful attendees. Even the cops here looked good, dressed in suits and sunglasses like bodyguards. And sure enough, piled onto platters on huge mahogany tables against the far wall were plates of steak, bowls of the most delicious seafood soups, and glasses of champagne. One of the bodyguards cleared his throat loudly and politely requested that the attendees line up. Three lines were formed and the beggar pointed each line out in turn. "That's the steak line, that's the soup line, and that's the champagne line," and then he added, "and apparently here, they change the meals FOUR times a year!" The man rejoiced, ate, and was happy, and for once felt that nothing was lacking. Four changes a year was enough for him. But one day, out of curiosity, he went up to the bodyguards that guarded the gate into the first and final ring of the afterlife and found they were asking for a million dollars to pass. Well the man was a bit disturbed by this, after all, the second ring seemed perfect to him. "What is it," he thought, "that could possibly be more wonderful than what I have here?" That question haunted him for weeks until he came to a conclusion. He was used to working hard and he had all of eternity to save up, so he wanted, just once to see what he could possibly be missing in the first ring. Fifty years later, he returned to the guards with a million dollars. When he stepped into the first ring he fell to his knees. The architecture was glorious and inhuman, and the bodyguard had turned into shining angels. To his surprise, someone helped him up off the street and when he looked, he realized he recognized who it was--it was the beggar he met in the fourth ring, adorned in a golden robe and glowing, and when he looked down at himself he realized he looked much the same. The beggar laughed jovially. "I got here only three years ago myself, but somehow I knew you would be right here behind me. I've come back to this gate every day waiting for you to make it in!" Suddenly, the air was filled with the sound of angelic choirs and the beggar led the man off to a gigantic palace made of crystal and cloud. The room was filled with radiant citizens of the first circle and angels prepared everything. Sure enough, there was a line of massive altars against one wall, spilling over with glistening golden dragon meat, a pudding refined from clouds and dew and silk, and an ice cold tub of ambrosia and nectar ladled out individually into blindingly beautiful crystalline chalices. An angel fluttered from the ceiling and bowed silently to the assembled mass, who bowed respectfully back and then broke themselves into their lines on their own. Smiling at the tradition, the beggar pointed to the first line. "That's the line for the dragon meat," he said before turning to the next line, "and that's the line for angeldust stew," then he paused, confused. "What is it?" the man asked his old friend. The beggar replied, "There appears to be no punchline." EDIT: if you liked this joke, go to rfeghoot for more like this one! EDIT 2: To people screaming repost, i gave credit to uinsolentswine in the comments. I just did it here, too.   The old man, the prince, and the fish. Once upon a time, there was a prince of a certain land, who wanted to be a lowly fisherman when he grew up. But try as he could, he couldn't ever catch a single fish. He had tried many methods, including nets, spears, and traps, but all to no avail. Furthermore, he was looked down upon by the rest of his family. While he should have been heir to the throne, he spent so much time trying to fish and failing that he was unsuited to the position. Furthermore, he had hardly wanted to become king anyway, and saw no real need for him to fill the position. Eventually, his family disowned him and he had to live his own life in a small hut. One day, he met an old man by the lake shore, who was hungry and begging. The prince was down to his last few coins in his purse, but he gave them to the old man anyway. Not entirely out of altruism, mind you. He simply thought the old man would be able to have more use with the money than he would, considering what a failure he was at fishing. The old man looked up at him and smiled, asking him "I see you have a fishing net. Would you like to learn the secret to fishing?" The prince, obviously just having given away absolutely everything, had little choice but to agree. So obviously, he did. The old man told him, "Come closer." The prince did so. The old man whispered in his ear, "Beyond the desert to the east is a huge ocean where the water is sweet and bubbling. Many fish swim in it, for there are plenty of nutrients in the water. You will surely get some fish there." The prince said, "I understand," and started to set off. The old man called after him, "Wait, you'll need this!" and gave the prince a fishing pole. "This fishing pole is enchanted. It will draw fish towards it. You'll see." The prince scrounged up what he could for the journey. He took the last of the bread he had, some water from the lake, and left his hut abandoned. He started crossing the desert. The blistering heat beat down on him. Halfway through the desert, he noticed someone was following him. He turned towards them and asked if they had brought any water with them. "Yes, but you haven't kept up your interest payments. Pay me and I'll throw in the water as a free bonus. Otherwise, I guess you won't be needing your left hand." True to the old man's word, the fishing rod had indeed attracted a loan-shark (though the prince didn't realize this at the time). Not wanting to be killed or tortured or whatnot, the prince quickly thought up a plan. "Yes, it's right here," he said, rummaging through his bag. He took out the stale bread, which had hardened to a brick, and threw it at the shark, stunning him for a moment. He turned and fled, running through the desert. His throat was parching, and every step he took against the slippery sands seemed to resist him all the way. Meanwhile, the loan-shark was calmly walking towards him. Somehow, the prince managed to outrun the loan-shark. He made it to the edge of the bubbling ocean, as the old man had predicted. There, he saw a boat with some fishing supplies in them. He climbed in and started to figure out how to use the fishing rod. True to the old man's word, the moment he cast his hook into the bubbling, fizzy waters, strange fish did indeed start biting almost immediately. He ended pulling fish after fish after hefty fish into his boat; so much so that he almost capsized. But in the end, he rowed back to shore, and thought that he should set up his home here. He built a fire, cooked one of the fish, and took a bite out of it. It was the most delicious thing he had ever tasted. Several months passed, and the prince was able to live a happy life. Many travellers who passed by enjoyed his fish and paid a high price for it. So much so, that he eventually started up a trading company specializing in the fish. Then people wanted to be employed, so he had to build houses for them too. The prince's company soon turned into a town, into a city, and he had almost supreme authority. One day, however, the aforementioned loan-shark arrived at the new palace. He was shown the way to the prince (who was basically now king but didn't realize it), and said "Now that you're king, you can pay me all that money you owed! Remember, of course that the rate was normally 8 per month, but since you're a king, it's 8 per day!" The prince, realizing what had happened, fell to his knees and cried: "Is this the reel life? Is this just Fanta sea? Caught in sand, lied; no escape from regality"   A World Wide Survey.... A worldwide survey was conducted by the UN. The only question asked was: "Would you please give your honest opinion about solutions to the food shortage in the rest of the world?" The survey was a huge failure. In Africa they didn't know what "food" meant. In Eastern Europe they didn't know what "honest" meant. In Western Europe they didn't know what "shortage" meant. In China they didn't know what "opinion" meant. In the Middle East they didn't know what "solution" meant. In South America they didn't know what "please" meant. And in the USA they didn't know what "the rest of the world" meant.   The programmer and the train A programmer and his boss are traveling by train on a business trip, and not having any other place to sit, find a booth with a pretty young lady and presumably her mother sitting across from them. The train enters a dark tunnel and two sounds ring clearly in the dark: one being the sound of a kiss and second being an unmistakable slap across the face. As the train exits the tunnel, the following thoughts entered the minds of the four passengers: Boss: "I never figured my employee to be so brash to kiss someone on the train like that. Not that I care much, except I wish the the young lady hadn't accidentally slapped me instead of him." Young lady: "Wow, I hardly expected to be kissed like that, though I wish my mother hadn't overreacted like that." Mother: "How rude of that young man to kiss my daughter, though she didn't have slap the poor soul..." Programmer: "It's not every day that one can slap his boss and kiss a pretty young lady. Life is good."   What would Reddit do for a Klondike bar? OP's mom.   I need to stop making autism jokes But the repetition is just too soothing   Did you hear about the girl that was dating an Eskimo? She broke it off.   Moses doesn't mind period sex. He's used to being in the red sea.   2 original jokes Here's 2 (bad) jokes I made up a few years ago. With all the reposts on here some new ones might be nice even if they are bad! 1. What do you call a long snake-like poo? A Poothon 2. A family of poothons were floating down a river. The son poothon asks his mother "dad told me that we're just a by-product of the human digestive system, is that true?" The mother replies "don't listen to him, he's just talking shit!"   Yesterday I killed a pair of pigeons with an unmanned flying device. You could say I killed two birds with one drone!   Did you hear that Gregor Mendel never finished any of his work? That's right! No punnett ended   What is the year of good eyesight? The Year 2020   Why are seagulls called seagulls? Because, if they flew over the bay, they would be called bagels.   What type of joke is the best joke? A Communist joke, because everyone gets it.   What do you call a dual stand up act on their periods? comoody   Dad what does it feel like having an awesome son? Me: Dad what does it feel like having an awesome son? Dad: I dont know ask your grandpa Edit: Can't believe i got 1000 upvotes , Thanks Dad   What's the fastest food in the world? Scone   My dad always told me he never made the same mistake twice Must be why I'm an only child Edit: First time on front page thanks guys!   A priest had a speaking parrot One night when the priest went on vacation a burglar broke into his house. Trying to be as sneaky as possible he didn't used his flashlight. Suddenly he heard a voice say:" Jesus sees you!" He quickly turned on his flashlight and looked around. When he saw the parrot the parrot again said:" Jesus sees you!" The burglar asked the parrot:" Who are you little Buddy?" The parrot answered:" I'm Josef." The burglar laughed:" What idiot names his parrot Josef?" The parrot answered:" The same Idiot who named his pitbull Jesus."   The CIA, GIGN and KGB...... are all trying to prove they are the best at catching criminals. The Secretary General of the UN decides to set them a test. He releases a rabbit into a forest, and each of them has to catch it. The CIA people go in. They place animal informants throughout the forest. They question all plant and mineral witnesses. After three months of extensive investigations, they conclude that the rabbit does not exist. The GIGN goes in. After two weeks with no leads they burn the forest, killing everything in it, including the rabbit, and make no apologies: the rabbit had it coming. The KGB goes in. They come out two hours later with a badly beaten bear. The bear is yelling: Okay! Okay! Im a rabbit! Im a rabbit!   A guy wanted a bigger dick.. A guy wanted a bigger dick and so he look around online for ways to get one. After a few hours of vigorous "searching", he found one. A guru that lived at the top of a mountain. So, excited at the chance of getting a big-ass dick, he set out. When he reached the base of the mountain, he saw a river that seemed to lead to the top, so he followed it. After reaching what seemed like the halfway point, he came across 2 gigantic rocks. They were blocking the path of the river. Determined to get a big one, he searched around for ways to get to the top, which he found in the form of a conveniently placed rope that went up to a cave. He climbed it and reached a shrine. Next to the shrine was a guru, meditating. He asked the guru," I heard you know how to get a bigger dick" "Drink from the bottle beside the idol." The guy drunk from it. Immediately, his dick got 7 inches bigger and his nuts became the size of a grapefruit. He, shocked, asked the guru," If you know this technique, why cant I see a bulge in your dhoti?" "The rope you climbed, that was my dick, and those rock, they were mine"   Why shouldn't the number 288 ever be said in public? Because it's too gross   I like going for a jog at night The fear of getting murdered really helps my stamina.   Officer: Soldier, do you have change for a dollar? Soldier: Sure, buddy. Officer: That's no way to address an officer! Now let's try it again. Do you have change for a dollar? Soldier: No, SIR!   They say you cant get a decent job without education. But look at Albert Einstein he was a drop-out and still ended up being the first man on the moon!   Know why Mexico doesn't have a good Olympic team? Anybody that can run, jump, or swim is already in the U.S.   Two hunters were out in the woods Two hunters are out in the woods when one of them collapses. He's not breathing and his eyes are glazed, so his friend calls 911. "My friend is dead! What should I do?" The operator replies, "Calm down, sir. I can help. First make sure that he's dead." There's a silence, then a loud bang. Back on the phone, the guy says, "Ok, now what?"   What's the difference between a co-pilot and a duck? The duck can fly. EDIT: this is a pilot joke - I obviously know that co-pilots can fly   You must be calcium You make my bone hard.   What do Pizzas parents have in common? If they're black, you have nothing to eat.   Two Men walk into a bar... The third one ducked.   What do you call a disagreeable Russian Sasquatch? A Nyeti.   Caught my wife receiving oral sex from our refrigerator again. I'll never buy another Kelvinator   Despair. What a Jamaican gets when he's bowling.   What do you call a colour doing a chemistry degree? Cyantific.   Sherlock and Watson were walking through an orchard... As they walk Watson keeps asking Sherlock to identify the trees they are seeing. After some time they approach a clearing and in the centre is a lone tree. Watson asks "Sherlock what is that tree with yellow skinned fruit?" Sherlock smiles and replies "That's a lemon tree, my dear Watson"   A diplomat walks into a bar... A diplomat walks into a bar, orders a beer and sits next to another patron. They get to talking and the topic of careers comes up. "I'm a government official" says the diplomat. "I travel the world, negotiating trade deals and brokering peace agreements. It's an amazing job." "Shit" says the other patron, "I'm just an electrician, I'm nowhere near that important!" "Not at all" the diplomat replied. "We both must stay informed on the same matters. You sound like you're just as plugged in to current affairs."   I got frostbite and had part of my foot amputated. Then my girlfriend left me. She was lack-toes intolerant.   Can someone get me a new calendar? Mayan ended   An interview with the best racer in the world Reporter: So, how do you do it? How do you keep winning? Racer: Winning? Reporter: Yeah, you have been undefeated since day one. Racer: I've invented a new way of winning a race, it's about coming through the finish line last. So far everyone else have been better at it than me.   A teacher reminds her class for tomorrow's exam A teacher reminds her class of the yearly test tomorrow. "And remember class, there is no excuse for missing the test tomorrow, not a hurricane, not a funeral, not a nuclear attack, nothing!" Little Johnny in the corner then pipes up and says "What would happen if I came into class suffering from complete and utter sexual exhaustion? The whole class bursts into laughter. The teacher walks up to Johnny and smiles and says "I'd guess you'd have to write the test left-handed."   A lion, a witch, and a Wardrobe apparate into a bar The bartender calls out, "Hey, no secret identities in this bar!" So the lion transforms into a bright light, the witch dons a pantsuit, and a man steps out of the closet. The bartender is aghast, almost on the verge of tears. "Oh my lord. I never thought I'd meet God, Hillary Clinton, and Drake in the same day!"   How often do guinea pigs have sex? Once a wheek wheek wheek wheek!   Why does the man with fake hair never carry around his wallet? Because he never expects to toupee anything   I hate gravity... It's always putting me down   Lauren was lying in bed One night when she felt her husband's hand caressing her neck in a way she hadn't experienced in quite a while. Then it slid down her side, stopping at her knee, which was as far as her husband could reach. Then he moved close and did the same on her other side before abruptly stopping and moving away. Delighted by this unexpected attention, Lauren whispered, "Honey, that was wonderful. Why did you stop?" He answered, ''I found the remote."   What was the last thing to cross Paul Walker's mind? The windshield   There was a church that had a bell that no one could ring There was a church that had a bell that no one could ring. One day, a boy came and asked the priest if he could try. He went up into the tower and ran straight into the bell face-first. The bell tolled loud and clear. The priest gave him the job. One Sunday, the boy ran straight toward the bell with his face and missed, so he fell off the tower and died. "Congregation," the priest said before the assembled masses. "Does anybody know this boy's name? I don't know him, but his face rings a bell."   How does an angry Mexican season his food? ...With a pinche salt   A pair of jumper cables walk into a bar The bartender says "I'll serve you, but you better not start anything"   Cant believe how much my girlfriend is crying about her new haircut Its much worse for me, Im the one whos gonna have to find a new girlfriend now.   What's the difference between oranges and babies? I don't fuck the oranges after I skin them.   Why did the blind man cross the street ? At least he tried ......   What do you call a Chinese person with a video camera? Phil Ming   2 flies on a terd 1 fly farts and the other says 'do you mind I'm eating'   Before leaving, my mother asked me, "How long will you be travelling through Scandanavia?" I replied, "Until I'm Finnished."   Gay dating is hard when you only like pessimists. I'm not interested in positive men.   what do you call gangster spaghetti spaghetto   What do you call a magic dog? A labracadabrador   A three-legged dog walks into a saloon in the Old West A three-legged dog walks into a saloon in the Old West. He slides up to the bar and announces: ''I'm looking for the man who shot my paw.''   Why can't Google maps hold down a solid relationship Because it's always looking for the quickest possible route   What do a pizza delivery driver and a gynecologist have in common? They both have to smell it but neither of them gets to eat it. :(   A man with no hands walks into a palm reader's business The palm reader looks at him and says, "well, I'm stumped."   What do you call a white bear that can't push? A polar bear.   What did the man ask the Jamaican Chef? "What Jamaican?"   If I had a dollar for every time a woman didn't show interest in me They'd probably eventually show interest in me   Two elephants were watching a naked man... One elephant turned and asked the other, "How the hell does he eat with that thing!"   Trump said "I am going to drain the swamp and take on the establishment"   Trailer Park Rules 1. No cars up on blocks for longer than three weeks. 2. No changing your oil in the street. 3. No loud and wild parties without inviting the manager. 4. You may have no more than 3 beer can wind chimes each only having no more than 6 cans each. 5. Drunkenness will not be tolerated in the streets prior to 10 am. 6. While outside of your trailer you must be at least partially clothed. 7. If you prefer to clean your trailer in the nude, please close the curtains. 8. When bringing in the Jerry Springer or COPS film crews, please provide the management prior written notice so that certain residents may be forewarned. 9. Empty beer bottles should not be discarded on the front lawn. However, they may remain there until you are sober enough to collect them with the understanding you will collect them within 7 days whether sober or not. 10. When bringing dates home to your trailer, please be advised that in the event the sidewalks need to be repaired or replaced due to the weight of your date, you will be responsible for all cost incurred. Note (Exemptions to rules 6 7 may be provided to women between the ages of 18 and 35. Please submit a photograph to the manager for approval.) Following these simple rules should make your stay in our trailer park more enjoyable for everyone.   In a small town in Tennessee, Big Bubba decides it's time for his son, 18 year old Billy Bob, to learn the facts of life. He takes him to the local house of ill repute, which is fronted by a beauty parlor. Bubba introduces Billy Bob to the madam, and explains that it's time for his indoctrination to sex." The madam says, "Bubba you've been such a good customer over the years, I'm going to see to your son personally." So the madam takes Billy Bob by the hand and leads him upstairs, where she completes his deflowering. Later, as they are walking downstairs the madam says, "Since this is your first time, I'm going to see that you get the full treatment before you leave, I'm going to give you a manicure too." Two weeks later Bubba and Billy Bob run into the madam on the town's main street. Billy Bob is acting a little shy, so the madam smiles and says, "Well, Billy Bob, don't you remember me?" "Yes ma'am the boy stammers, "You're the lady that gave me the crabs and then cut off my fingernails so I couldn't scratch 'em."   A football coach of an all Redneck team walked into the locker room before a game,... looked over to his star player and said, "I'm not supposed to let you play since you failed math, but we need you in there. So what I have to do is ask you a math question, and if you get it right, you can play." The player agreed, and the coach looked into his eyes intently and asks, "Okay, now concentrate... what is two plus two?" The player thought for a moment and then he answered, "Four?" "Four?!?" the coach exclaimed, excited that he got it right. At that, all the other players on the team began screaming, "Come on coach, give him another chance!"   Old guy buys a new sports car..... And right after he leaves the salesroom, he floors the gas pedal making him zip in the road. He notices that a police car, with it's siren blaring so he really puts the pedal to the max. While in hot pursuit, he realizes that he's too old for this. So he pulls over, waiting for the cop to catch up to him. The cop finally approaches him, and tells him "Sir, my shift ends in 10 minutes. It's C Christmas. If you can give me a good reason that you did this, i'll let you go." The man explained that his wife, many years ago she ran off for a policeman. i thought you were bringing her back. "Have a good day sir" Said the cop.   My favourite job has always been giving stupid people advice. Hello! You clicked! What do you want to know?   Who's Going to Pay For the Wall? Mexico Mexic Mexi Mex Me   A driver is pulled over by a policeman.... The policeman approaches the drivers door. "Is there a problem, Officer?" The policeman says, "Sir, you were speeding. Can I see your license please?" The driver responds, "I'd give it to you but I don't have one." "You don't have one?" The man responds, "I lost it four times for drink driving." The policeman is shocked. "I see. Can I see your vehicle registration papers please?" "I'm sorry, I can't do that." The policeman says, "Why not?" "I stole this car." The officer says, "Stole it?" The man says, "Yes, and I killed the owner." At this point the officer is getting irate. "You what?" "She's in the boot if you want to see." The Officer looks at the man and slowly backs away to his car and calls for back up. Within minutes, five police cars show up, surrounding the car. A senior officer slowly approaches the car, clasping his half-drawn gun. The senior officer says, "Sir, could you step out of your vehicle please!" The man steps out of his vehicle. "Is there a problem, sir?" "One of my officers told me that you have stolen this car and murdered the owner." "Murdered the owner?" The officer responds, "Yes, could you please open the boot of your car please?" The man opens the boot, revealing nothing but an empty boot. The officer says, "Is this your car sir?" The man says, "Yes" and hands over the registration papers. The officer, understandably, is quite stunned. "One of my officers claims that you do not have a driving licence." The man digs in his pocket revealing a wallet and hands it to the officer. The officer opens the wallet and examines the licence. He looks quite puzzled. "Thank you, sir. One of my officers told me you didn't have a licence, stole this car, and murdered the owner." The man replies, "I bet you the lying bastard told you I was speeding, too!"   Went for a walk with the missus last night... There's a beautiful spot on top of the hill not so far from here, on the way whilst walking down a quiet path she turned to me and said, "Give it to me, give it to me, I'm wet". I stopped for a second and looked around, and then it dawned upon me "No fuck off, it's my umbrella".   What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? A mosquito will stop sucking after you slap it.   If two people having sex is called a twosome..... Then now i know why they call you handsome ;)   A man looking for his wife... The man approached the very beautiful woman in the large supermarket and asked, You know, Ive lost my wife here in the supermarket. Can you talk to me for a couple of minutes? Why? Because every time I talk to a beautiful woman my wife appears out of nowhere.   President Trump's choice for Supreme Court Justice is strongly opposed to euthanasia. I wonder what he's got against kids in the Orient?   So this guy works at a pickle factory... Every day, he comes home after work and tells his wife about his day. One day, he comes home and tells her he has a very dark fantasy. He says, "I want to put my dick in the pickle slicer." His wife is shocked, and encourages him not to do it, but the next day the man comes home with a sick grin on his face. His wife says, "Please tell me you didn't do it!" The man keeps grinning. His wife takes off his pants to assess the damage, but everything is as it should be. The wife is confused. The man keeps grinning. He says, "I did it, I put my dick in the pickle slicer, and she wants to do it again this weekend."   What should you put on the tomb stone of a mathematician? He didn't count on this...   A man went into a bar and sat infront of a bowl of pretzels... "You have some very nice clothes" said the bowl of pretzels. The man thinking he was hallucinating, ignored the bowl and called the waiter and ordered a margarita. "Nice choice good sir" said the bowl of pretzels. The man once again thinking he was hallucinating ignored the bowl of pretzels. On recieving his drink he gave the waiter a dollar as thanks. "You are quite generous my good sir" said the bowl of pretzels. The man startled called the waiter, "I thought I was hallucinating, but that bowl of pretzels infringement of me is complimenting me" said the man to the waiter. The waiter nodded before saying, "Don't worry sir, the bowl of pretzels are complimentary!"   A handful of foreign-exchange students are in the classroom ... and they were asked their opinion on food scarcity in other countries. The discussion was a complete disaster. The Somali kids didn't know the English word "food", the British kids didn't know what "scarcity" meant, the American kids didn't know what "other countries" were, and the Chinese students asked what "their opinion" should be. Source: Not mine, I just hadn't seen this one on rjokes at least in a while. Can haz less-stale repost?   Bad taste Did you hear Donald Trump is putting a ban on telecommunications from the middle east! It's called the Teleban.   Someone asked what my favorite band was... if I'm being subjective, I'd say The Who. if I'm being objective, I'd say The Whom.   Sally can't sell seashells down by the seashore anymore... She was busted for conch-traband.   I heard Michael J. Fox is getting his own cooking show... The show is called, "Shake and Bake".   What do you call Batman when he skips out on church? Christian Bale   On His Deathbed On his deathbed, a lifelong Republican supporter suddenly announced that he was switching to the Democrats. I cant believe youre doing this. said his friend. For your entire life youre been a staunch Republican. Why would you want to become a Democrat now? Because Id rather it was one of them that dies than one of us.   What's the difference between a man and a government bond? The bond matures!   A man was about to give an awareness speech on STD's.. A man was about to give an awareness speech on STD's (sexually transmitted diseases) when he realized that there were some kids in the audience so he had to speak metaphorically. He started by saying, "everyone should only drink from their wells"... and continued until the end of the speech when an old man asked the question, "what if I don'have a well?". Before the speaker could answer, the old man's grandson said, "you can drink from your own tap grandpa".   My doctor told me I need fewer trans fats in my life... Looks like it's time to delete Tumblr.   A black man goes inside a bus full of Koreans Everybody is talking and the only word he can make out is the word 'nigga'. The black man looks around and sees that he's the only black person on the bus. He starts to get visibly upset and then a passenger who happened to speak english and could see why he was upset spoke up. "Excuse me, I see you are upset but there is no reason to be. Because you see, in Korean, the word 'nigga' means 'you'.   New president of a country is handed 3 envelopes by the previous leader. President of a country is handed 3 numbered envelopes by the previous leader. Previous leader says "If you screw anything up, then open one of the envelopes and it will tell you what to do." Eventually, over time, the president screws some things up. Everyone gets mad at him and threatens to impeach him. So he opens the Envelope 1. It says "Blame everything on me, your predecessor." So he does that and eventually is forgiven. But then, as time goes on, the president screws up again. He doesn't know what to do. So he opens up Envelope 2. It says "Blame everything on me again." So, in time, the people forgive him again. But then, as time goes on, the president screws things up yet a 3rd time. He doesn't know what to do. Relieved that he still has one envelope left, he opens it up. It says "Prepare 3 envelopes."   What could US Senate learn from Trump's wives? A two-thirds' majority decided to ditch him.   How do you fuck 118 million Americans with one dick? Elect him president edit: 318 million, not 118   My Friend Recently has been attaching balloons to everything he sees. I mean seriously, you can't make this stuff up.   I'm furious! racist tech support just called me asian All I said was my drivers keep crashing   Did you hear about the German man who was up to no good? I heard he has a severe guten allergy.   A man walks up to his friend and says, "I'm getting sick of being single." The friend replies "well there's a lot of sea in the fish.... and that sea is full of men."   NSFW I'm so sad, my favorite dating site is shutting down Disney has announced they are shutting down Club Penguin. (   What do you call a sick painting? An Ill-ustration.   MOM! I'm being called gay in school. Who is calling you that son? A bunch of cute boys.   What do you call a werewolf that doesn't know he's a werewolf? An unawarewolf.   The doctor's jar There was an old man who was worried something was wrong with his penis. He decided to go to the doctor to get a diagnosis. After some x-rays and checkups, the doctor got results. "Looks like you have a testicle infection. I need further data, so I need you to masturbate into this jar so I can get a sample of your semen." the doctor says, handing the old man a mason jar with a lid closed tightly on it. "Come back the next day with what I asked for." The next day, the old man comes back to the doctor with the jar. "Wha? Old man, this jar has nothing in it!" the doctor said, frustrated. The old man smiled sheepishly. "I tried everything," he says. "First, I tried by myself; I couldn't do it. Then, I asked my wife, she couldn't do it either. So, I asked my neighbor to try, but he couldn't do it either." The doctor's eyes widened. "Hold on, you asked your neighbor?" The old man sighed. "Yep, we just couldn't get that jar open."   What are Steve Bannon's favorite flowers? Gin blossoms.   What has 8 wheels and flies? A garbage truck.   A cop is walking down the street and notices A cop is walking down the street and notices a young blonde woman down on her knees under a streetlight. Can I help you? he asked. The blonde woman replied, I dropped my diamond ring and Im looking for it. The cop asked, Did you drop it right here? No, responded the blonde, I dropped it about a block away, but the lights better here.   I like my apples how I like my clown hookers: Red, yellow, green and devoid of worms.   How do you get a nun pregnant? Dress her up as an altar boy.   I beat Anorexia today People keep coming up with weirder names for their children.   Bad kids This lady has two little sons that curse all the time. She can't get them to stop using foul language. She tries time outs, extra chores and taking away their toys but nothing works. One day she finally gives up and decides that she's just gonna smack them the next time one of them says a dirty word. So the next morning the kids come running down the stairs for breakfast and she asks the first little boy what he would like to eat. He says, "Give me some fucking eggs!" BOOM! She smacks him right across the face, then politely asks the other little boy what he would like for breakfast. He says, "I don't want any fucking eggs!"   Three old men Three elderly men were at the doctor for a memory test. The doctor asked the first man, "What is three times three?" "274," was his reply. The doctor said to the second man, "It's your turn. What is three times three?" "Tuesday", he replied. Then the doctor asked the third man, "Okay, your turn. What's three times three"? "Nine", he answered. "That's great!" said the doctor. "How did you get that answer? "Easy," said the third man. "I subtracted 274 from Tuesday."   Do you spell it Palindrome or Palendrome? Cause I've heard it both ways.   George Bush and his competitor got into a fist fight... I got to say, it was Al Gore...   What hangs at a mans thigh... What hangs at a mans thigh, and wants to poke a hole, that it's poked many times before? A key   A priest and a man were golfing A man named Joe was golfing with his friend who was a priest. On the first hole, Joe misses a relatively easy putt and exclaims "Fuck! I missed!" The priest tells him to please watch his language and they continue playing. A few holes later, Joe misses another easy putt, putting him behind the priest. He again exclaims "Fuck! I missed again!" And once again the priest tells him to not use that language. Joe apologizes and they keep playing. A few holes later the same thing happens. The priest says, "if you use that type of language again, may a bolt of lightning strike you where you stand." Joe once again apologizes. On the last hole, the men are tied. The priest makes par. Joe has landed the ball two feet from the hole and if he makes the putt, he will win the game. He lines up the putt, and once again missed. He gets so mad and screams "Fuck! I missed AGAIN!" At that moment, lightning strikes the priest, who collapses and dies. High above, the clouds open up and a great booming voice proclaims "well fuck. I missed."   Once there was a little boy in church. He had to go to the bathroom so he told his mother, "Mommy, I have to piss." The mother said, "Son don't say piss in church. Next time you have to piss, say, 'whisper' because it is more polite." The next Sunday, the litle boy was sitting by his father this time, and once again, he had to go to the bathroom. He told his father, "Daddy I have to whisper." The father said, "OK. Here, whisper in my ear."   My landscaper is also a paramedic He told me he makes more money mowing my lawn than he would finding me on my lawn having a heart attack.   What is the most controversial topic in the pirate world? Aarghbortion   What did two oceans say to each other? Nothing, they just waved.   My wife hates it when I'm on the toilet She says it brings out the worst in me   A blonde, brunette, and a redhead are all in the 9th Grade. Which one is the sexiest? The blonde, because she's the only one who's 18.   A wife is yelling at her husband. "Get out of the house! I hate you, I want a divorce! Get out!" As he walks out the door she screams: "I hope you die a slow and painful death!" The guy says: "So hang on a minute, now you want me to stay?"   What do Reddit and elections in third world countries have in common? They both have a reasonable voting cutoff of six months   Presidential politics is a lot like comedy. In the early days youre going to bomb.   What do you call A anorexic girl with a yeast infection? A quarter pounder with cheese.   What do you call something that has a small hole, is tasty, and covered in my cum? A glazed donut.   If you think that move is going to work, you've got another thing coming. And it won't be me!   America has a bad case of priapism... An elect dick that lasts for at least four years.   TIL: Many medieval surnames like Fletcher or Cooper refer to the patriarch's traditional occupation. I guess I won't be marrying Mr. Dickinson.   Why were the twin towers sad? Because they ordered pepperoni pizza and got plane.   Sex is like homework I only do it when my teacher forces me to.   A new student at school enters the classroom... As the class gets settled in, the teacher asks the new student to introduce himself to the other students. "Hello, my name is Buttitches, nice to meet you all." Giggles are heard amongst the other students. The teacher, clearly unamused, asks the student again, what his name is. He repeats, "Buttitches." The teacher then tells the student she will not deal with such inappropriate behavior and sends him to the principal's office. Upon his arrival, the principal, unfamiliar with the new student, asks for his name. The student responds, "My name is Buttitches." The principal, an old stern man, does not take kindly to class clowns. He asks the student again what his name is under the threat that if he lies, he will be sent home for the day for inappropriate behavior. The student responds, "I am Buttitches, sir." The principal is angered and, in a flurry, calls the boys mother and explains he is suspended for the day for disrupting the classroom and lying. The principal gets off the phone with the mother, she told him that she would pick up her son across the street from the school. The boys mother arrives. As the boy is crossing the street he is hit by a car. His mother immediately gets out of her car and rushes over, screaming, "Buttitches, oh, Buttitches. My poor Buttitches!" A man walking on he sidewalk at the time stops to look at the woman and yells, "Then scratch it lady!"   What to do you call someone that doesn't eat meat OR vegetables? Dead   Do you know what Disney song is really deep? Under The Sea.   Me: Playing Ouija board Me: What's your name? Ouija Board: I H A V E A B O Y F R I E N D   Co-Op is good for your resume. Sure it might be hard to coop with the workload, but instead of starting a job, you'll be resuming one.   Roses are red, Violets ate blue New Yorkers are polite So fuck you too.   I saw a documentary on erections... It tackled some really hard subjects.   A guy shoots a random man on the street. Cop: "Did you kill this man?" Guy: "No, a bullet killed him. Bullets are made of lead, which comes from the ground. The ground is part of nature. He died of natural causes. Case closed."   What do foxes breathe? Foxygen   Two wrongs don't make a right... ...just look at your parents.   Why did Mel Gibson walk into a bar at 9am? He overslept.   Damn my wife is disgusting. I went downstairs to piss in the sink, and it was full of dishes!   I just got the lead in a silent film Im absolutely speechless   You know what we think is funny... When I look into the mirror and we both laugh   A man is driving down the road and his car breaks down near a monastery. He goes to the monastery, knocks on the door, and says, "My car broke down. Do you think I could stay the night?" The monks graciously accept him, feed him dinner, even fix his car. As the man tries to fall asleep, he hears a beautiful sound. A sound unlike anything he's ever heard before. The Sirens that nearly seduced Odysseus into crashing his ship comes to his mind. He doesn't sleep that night. He tosses and turns trying to figure out what could possibly be making such a seductive sound. The next morning, he asks the monks what the sound was, but they say, "We can't tell you. You're not a monk." Distraught, the man is forced to leave. Years later, after never being able to forget that sound, the man goes back to the monastery and pleads for the answer again. The monks reply, "We can't tell you. You're not a monk." The man says, "If the only way I can find out what is making that beautiful sound is to become a monk, then please, make me a monk." The monks reply, "You must travel the earth and tell us how many blades of grass there are and the exact number of grains of sand. When you find these answers, you will have become a monk." The man sets about his task. After years of searching he returns as a gray-haired old man and knocks on the door of the monastery. A monk answers. He is taken before a gathering of all the monks. "In my quest to find what makes that beautiful sound, I traveled the earth and have found what you asked for: By design, the world is in a state of perpetual change. Only God knows what you ask. All a man can know is himself, and only then if he is honest and reflective and willing to strip away self deception." The monks reply, "Congratulations. You have become a monk. We shall now show you the way to the mystery of the sacred sound." The monks lead the man to a wooden door, where the head monk says, "The sound is beyond that door." The monks give him the key, and he opens the door. Behind the wooden door is another door made of stone. The man is given the key to the stone door and he opens it, only to find a door made of ruby. And so it went that he needed keys to doors of emerald, pearl and diamond. Finally, they come to a door made of solid gold. The sound has become very clear and definite. The monks say, "This is the last key to the last door." The man is apprehensive to no end. His life's wish is behind that door! With trembling hands, he unlocks the door, turns the knob, and slowly pushes the door open. Falling to his knees, he is utterly amazed to discover the source of that haunting and seductive sound...... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... But, of course, I can't tell you what it is because you're not a monk.   What's the last thing Gable Tostee's Tinder date said to him before walking on his apartment balcony? Cash me ousside, howbow dah?   Have you ever had sex while camping? It's fucking intense.   What do you call someone who sexually assaults avocados? A Guacamolester Sorry for the shitty taco tuesday joke......not really.   3 Drunk guys entered a taxi. 3 drunk guys entered a taxi. The taxi driver knew that they were drunk so he started the engine turned it off again. Then said, "We have reached your destination". The 1st guy gave him money the 2nd guy said "Thank you". The 3rd guy slapped the driver. The driver was shocked thinking the 3rd drunk knew what he did. But then he asked "What was that for?". The 3rd guy replied, "Control your speed next time, you nearly killed us!"   Who is the best member of the communist version of the Beatles? John Lenin   What do a sance and a laxative have in common? They're both used to make things come forth!   I just read Trump's book "The Art of the Deal" It had four Chapter 11's.   What do you get when you put a contagion in Nevada? Las Plague-as   Whoever invented the knock knock joke should receive a no-bell prize   So an emo teenager went to grocery store. He went up to the cashier and said, pointing to his scarred arm "Hey, can you scan this?" The cashier then scans the arm, only to say, "I'm sorry sir, but this item is worthless"   I was born handsome, charming witty and wise I'm also a compulsive liar, but I think it evens out.   Possession is nine-tenths of the law The maxim of daemon lawyers everywhere   What do you call a bacterial assassin? Tumerculosis   How much is trump's life insurance worth? One Pence   How does Chuck Norris flush the toilet? He doesn't. He scares the shit out of it.   Trump doesn't seem to have a problem... ...fucking immigrants.   Where are the most waffles dropped on the beach? San Diego.   Violence is never the answer Violence is the question The answer is yes   I had a really successful sex change. I'm having more sex than I did last year.   I like my women like I like my underwear Drenched in blood and feces.   So I was at Target yesterday... I was at Target yesterday, and I saw this little girl who wanted to buy Halo 5. An old lady came up to her and said "Video games are for boys, buy something else." The girl, noticing that the lady had a box of cereal in her cart, said "Oh yeah? and trix are for kids!", then proceeded to grab the cereal out of her cart and run away   You Don't Know Shit A guy was seated next to a 10-year-old girl on an airplane. Being bored, he turned to the girl and said, "Let's talk. I've heard that flights go quicker if you strike up a conversation with your fellow passenger." The girl, who was reading a book, closed it slowly and said to the guy, "What would you like to talk about?" "Oh, I don't know," said the guy. "How about nuclear power?" "OK," she said. "That could be an interesting topic. But let me ask you a question first. A horse, a cow and a deer all eat the same stuff... grass. Yet a deer excretes little pellets, while a cow turns out a flat patty, and a horse produces clumps of dried grass. Why do you suppose that is?" The guy thought about it and said, "Hmmm, I have no idea." To which the girl replied, "Do you really feel qualified to discuss nuclear power when you don't know shit?"   What does my first car and anal have in common? I didn't want it, but my dad gave it to me anyways.   A person goes to rJokes And finds nothing but original content   I was gunna make a joke but then I took an arrow to the knee   An 80s singer caught himself on fire, what does he do? Stop, Drop, and Rick-Roll   What furniture store did the murderer shop at? I KEA   Bush, Obama, and Trump go on a hunting trip. Their hunting guide instructs them to find and follow tracks and they should be able to find their quarry. Bush follows some tracks and gets a bear. Obama follows some tracks and gets a deer. Trump follows some tracks and gets hit by a train.   Can a Toyota stretch? No, but a Mercedes-Benz   Knock knock Me: Knock knock! Reddit-user: Who's there? Me: To. Reddit-user: To who? Me: To whom   What's the difference between obsequious behaviour towards someone important in order to gain advantage and John Wayne Gacy wearing a top hat and monocle? One is sycophancy and the other is a fancy sicko. (As far as I'm aware this is an original joke that I created and am quite pleased with)   Trump is that lobster smart enough to get out of the saucepan to turn off the heat! Trudeau is the lobster that reaches out for the seasoning!   Why did the Mexican take a Xanax? For Hispanic attacks!   Having a religion is like having a penis It's okay to have one, but just don't go around shoving it down people's throats.   I wish people would stop saying the husbands of the women who marched didn't get a sandwich that day. Have you seen those women? No way any of them have a husband.   Why does China like Trump so much? They built a great wall hundreds of years ago and they still don't have any Mexicans.   What do you call a Canadian shoe? A boot.   A woman goes to get welfare for her and her 9 children A woman goes to get welfare for her and her 9 children. When she gets to the counter the clerk asks for all her children's names; to which she promptly replies "Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, and Joe." The clerk is confused, so he asks, "Well if you want to tell them to go to bed what do you say?" She replies, "Joe go to bed." He asks, "If you want them to eat their dinner what do you say?" She replies, "Joe eat your dinner." Finally he asks, "Well if you want to call them individually what do you say?!" She simply says, "I just call them by their last names!"   Always borrow money from pessimists. They won't expect you to pay them back.   At my high school if idiots could fly... it would be a fucking airport.   How do you get an grammer nazi's attention? That. That is how.   A college girl once had a very active sex life... She especially loved hooking up with frat boys and men who had been sentenced to prison. Those were kind of her fetishes, and she didn't know why. She didn't really like to use condoms, though, which was very dumb of her, and she knew that, but she thought it felt so much better without one. Also, she was on birth control. Only, one day, her period didn't come as expected. She thought it was probably nothing, but she was suspicious nonetheless. She went to the store and bought a pregnancy test, and, lo and behold, she was indeed pregnant. Well, shit. Due to her active sex life and having slept with all those prisoners and frat boys, she didn't really know, which one of them had gotten her pregnant. She thought about what she was to do. Should she keep the baby? How could she find the father? And then it hit her. She had to make a list of all the bros and cons.   What did the alien say after anally probing the earthling? I come in peace.   I play triangle in a reggae band I just stand at the back and ting   What did Doctor Who say to his wife? It's bigger when it's inside.   Where do the world's most misleading people go to commit suicide? Sahr Chasm   Later tonight I might have consensual sex with my wife. ..if she's up for it.   "Ain't" is like a Swiss Army knife It's got a lot of uses but you can't use it in school.   Why did the cucumber get embarrassed? Because it saw the salad dressing.   The Irish Millionaire Mick, from Dublin , appeared on 'Who Wants To Be A Millionaire' and towards the end of the program had already won 500,000 euros. "You've done very well so far," said Chris Tarrant, the show's presenter, "but for a million euros you've only got one life-line left, phone a friend. Everything is riding on this question. Will you go for it?" "Sure," said Mick. "I'll have a go!" "Which of the following birds does NOT build its own nest? a) Sparrow b) Thrush, c) Magpie, d) Cuckoo?" "I haven't got a clue." said Mick, ''So I'll use last lifeline and phone my friend Paddy back home in Dublin .." Mick called up his mate, and told him the circumstances and repeated the question to him. "Fookin hell, Mick!" cried Paddy. "Dat's simple it's a cuckoo." "Are you sure?" "I'm fookin sure." Mick hung up the phone and told Chris, "I'll go with cuckoo as my answer." "Is that your final answer?" asked Chris. "Dat it is." There was a long, long pause and then the presenter screamed, "Cuckoo is the correct answer! Mick, you've won 1 million euros!" The next night, Mick went round to Paddy's to buy him a drink. "Tell me, Paddy? How in Heaven's name did you know it was da Cuckoo that doesn't build its own nest?" "Because he lives in a Fookin clock!"   "It was really something else, man!" said the cadet policeman to his partner... "When I was off duty Saturday night, I went to this big party, see, and pretty soon I noticed this fabulous little bird giving me the eye. Then she asked me to take her home. And just as soon as we were in the car, she unzipped me and went right down on the old fella - and I still didn't even know her name." "So what did you do?" asked the other cop. "Well, I figured this was one situation where I'd shoot first and ask questions afterward."   Trump discovered the lost spice girl... Stupid Spice   People told me getting my girlfriend a refridgerator for her birthday present was a bad idea. But her face lit up when she opened it.   I never realized how artistic horses used to be Today someone told me there used to be horse drawn carriages everywhere...   Diets are like relationships... They get easier if you allow yourself a cheat day   What's the difference between men and women? Boobs Ba dum tits.   Why do bulemics like Kentucky Fried Chicken? Because it comes with a bucket.   What do you call someone with no body or nose? Nobody knows   The Burger Lady (Original) A man walks up to a burger stall where he is served by an extremely sad looking lady. Ill have a double cheeseburger please, says the man before adding and cheer up, it might never happen. You're the fifth person who has told me to cheer up today, replies the lady. Im sick of it! Who the hell are you to tell me to smile while Im making your food? Im really sorry he replies. I can see now that it was a very insensitive thing to say. I have no right at all to tell you that you have to enjoy your job, get deep satisfaction from flipping burgers, or take pleasure in dishing out this greasy crap. Surprised by his honest admission, the burger lady says Well, thanks for saying so. Apology accepted. Now how would you like your burger cooked? With relish   She flew into a Rage and punched me in the jaw!! "I THOUGHT YOU WERE TAKING ME TO CLNIQUE!! Oh honey no. I said I was taking you to a clinic.   So I went to see the doctor the other day And told him that I have a poop problem. Doctor: Okay now tell me what's going on. Me: Everyday I poop at 8:00 in the morning Doctor: Okay so what's the problem Me: I wake up at 9.   Eat Butter About a year ago I was healthy and happy but I noticed I was gaining some weight; my butt looked a bit too big in the mirror. So I mentioned to a super healthy facebook friend who is super slim and always posting sporty workout posts. Her weight loss advice was two words - "Eat Butter." So I've been forcing myself to eat butter every day. First casually in food, then eat little chunks of it. But the weight was still piling on and getting worse. So even though it was making me sick I forced myself to eat a few spoonfuls a day, and eventually worked it up to two sticks a day. I got diarrhea regularly and I thought maybe it was working, but the scale and mirror told me it wasn't. Around six months in something changed in my body, and I stopped getting sick. Eating butter started to feel really comforting. I thought it was good, but the fat kept coming. Then I'm crying about the weight a few days later, so I go back to the friend's post, and it actually said... "Eat better."   What's similar between people who comment "have an upvote!" and extreme feminists? Nobody cares about either   A man with no carnal desires walks into a Freudian psychoanalyst's office The psychoanalyst stops him and says, "hey, buddy, I'm gonna need to see some id."   Buzzfeed Top 10 least conductive items! Number 6 won't shock you   What do you call a single black mother? A black widow.   Did anyone hear what happened to the paraplegic at the disco? He got kicked out for arsing around   Eating pasta by myself.. makes me cannelloni.   A soldier ran up to his Sergeant It was during the middle of the Korean war. Bullets and bombs were everywhere... A soldier ran up to his Sergeant and said "Serg Serg! I have to take a wicked shit!" The Sergeant replied "Private you have ten minutes, we need you on the front line, hurry up!" The private ran off and was gone an hour and came strolling back with a smirk on his face when he crossed paths with his Sergeant who said "PRIVATE JOHNSON WHERE WERE YOU!? "Well Serg, first off I took the absolute best shit of my life." "ANNNNND!??" Yelled the Sergeant. "And, on the way back I saw a girl laying there and the next thing I know we're having the best sex of my life." "Oh? Is that right, OK private, did you get get any head? "No, she didn't have a head".   A pirate walks into a bar... With a ships wheel attached to the front of his pants. The bartender says "Hey captain did you know you have a wheel on your crotch?" The captain growls and says "Arg it's driving me nuts!"   Some financial advice A man is getting into the shower just as his wife is finishing up her shower, when the doorbell rings. The wife quickly wraps herself in a towel and runs downstairs. When she opens the door, there stands Bob, the next-door neighbor. Before she says a word, Bob says: "Ill give you 800 to drop that towel." After thinking for a moment, the woman drops her towel and stands naked in front of Bob. A few seconds and a satisfying glance later, Bob hands her 800 and leaves. The woman wraps back up in the towel and goes back upstairs. When she gets to the bathroom, her husband asks: "Who was that?" "It was Bob the next door neighbor," she replies. "Great," the husband says, "did he say anything about the 800 he owes me?" Moral of the story: If you share critical information pertaining to credit and risk with your shareholders in time, you may be in a position to prevent avoidable exposure   To Mexicans: why should you stop exporting cheese to America? Because Trump is Nacho President   The weird thing about men is that, as they get older the begin wearing their pants higher and higher. My great-grandpa got so old he had to unzip just to talk to us!   Remember, an NAND gate is an AND gate... ... but NOT   A blind man walks into a bar.... then a table, and then a chair.   Annoying Orange has 5 million subscribers, but has long since reached its peak. Now he's president of the United States.   Why didn't the bear have any friends? His personality was unbearable!   TIL that the guy who played Captain Kirk has set up a chain of clothing shops especially for older ladies. It's called Shatner Pants   My wife asked me where I wanted to be buried. Although I'm pretty sure "balls deep in your sister" wasn't the answer she wanted to hear.   An old lady at the bank asked me if I could check her balance So I pushed her over   Ever wonder how many puppeteers there are in the world? Probably only a handful!   My grandpa has the heart of a lion... which is what happens when there aren't enough organ donors.   A cabbie was part of the protest deleteuber and so he drove to JFK. When he got there no one was around. The protesters were all at the airport but he had shown up at JFK's grave.   Whats the most sensitive part of your body when masturbating? Your ears   There's an emo in my Web Development class, she's doing a website about jewellery Her first page was Wrists   What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic? Halfway.   What did batman say to robin before they got in the car? "Get in the car."   Ladies and Gentlemen... Madeleine McCann! World Hide and Seek Champion 2007!   My wife and I were happy for 20 years Then we met each other.   Did you hear about the movie Constipation? It hasn't come out yet.   What type of fruit is always complaining about their lack of freedom in society? The Cant-eloupe   An Older Man Fixes Dessert for His Wife An older couple was sitting down watching TV one evening when the wife gets a hankering for some ice cream. Wife: Honey, get me a bowl of ice cream, please. The husband stands up to go get it. His wife stops him. Wife: Oh, I also wants some chocolate syrup on it. Now write it down so you don't forget it. Husband: I got it. Ice cream with chocolate syrup on it. Wife: I also want sprinkles and a cherry. Write it down so you don't forget. Husband: I got it. I got it. Ice cream with chocolate syrup, sprinkles, and a cherry. The husband is in the kitchen for 45 minutes before coming back with a plate of scrambled eggs and some orange juice. Wife: See! See! I told you to write it down! You forgot my bacon!   A man walks into a bar... The man is a muslim and the bar is in the U.S.   Sometimes I wish I was a baker. Then I would be rolling in dough.   Women are like spaghetti... They're straight until they're wet   Sometimes my humour grows so dark, It starts gathering cotton in africa. .. I feel awful now.   Betsy DeVos passed her Senate Confirmation hearing... and I, for one, am DeVostated.   A man with a fork sticking out of his stomach A man goes to see the doctor. He has a fork sticking out of his stomach and there's blood everywhere. "Doctor, doctor, help me!" The doctor looks at the man, and then looks at his watch. "I'm sorry, but it's 5pm and my work day is over." "But doctor, please do something!" The doctor thinks for a moment, then grabs the fork and sticks it in the man's eye. "Go to the oculist -- he works until 6." Note: I originally heard this one in Russian   Love is like a Fart If you've got to force it it's probably shit!   I'd hate to grow up to be a geologist. Because I'd always be taken for granite.   Come up with your own Original joke without any time to think. Rules inside As soon as you are finished reading this just start typing. No time to think. Don't use jokes you've heard in the past. You can't stop typing! lets see how bad these turn out. Ready? Go!   What did the man say after his Tripod fell down for the fifth time in a row? I can't stand this anymore   Donald Trump is a good Christian So then can someone explain why he wrote an executive order that literally would ban Jesus (who comes from the middle east)?   What did the leper say to the prostitute? Keep the tip   the best girlfriend What's the difference between my ex and the titanic? The titanic only went down on 1,000 people.   A tranny, Mushit and a black guy are in a burning building and I can only save one of them You kidding me? Why would I risk my life to do that?   I saw a girl with 12 nipples the other day.. Sounds funny, Dozen tit?   What's a lawyers least favourite PC case. An open case.   Republicans love black people! They send millions of them to a place where they get a free room, free rent and a gym membership   What does a priest and a silver medalist have in common? They both came in a little behind.   What's Jackie Chan's favorite type of car? KIIIIIAAAAAAAAAAA!   A nerd joke. Me: look at my graphics card Other person: what's the clock speed Me: it's so high it hertz   Why was Hillary Clinton's ass jealous? All the shit was coming from her mouth.   Clown walks into a bar... Clown walks into a bar and says, "Bartender, give me a treehouse." Bartender says, "A treehouse, what's in a treehouse?" Clown says, "Playboys and cigars, of course!"   The only difference between group sex and group therapy... is that in group therapy you hear about everyone's problems, and in group sex you see them.   I asked my friend who is an American diplomat how life was He said he can't complain   After crossing which line in Siberia, can you no longer escape it? The evenk horizon   When all else fails... ...make All Else 2.   A father sits down with his 10 year old son to talk to him about the birds and the bees. He says, "Son, I think it's about time I told you about the birds and the bees. When a man and a wom..." The son cuts his dad off mid-sentence and says, "I already know about sex, dad." Feeling both outraged and relived the dad asks, "Who told you?" The son replies, "Father McKinney, after mass." "Well, how much do you know?" And the son says "We just went over the ins and outs."   TIL there are 189 countries NOT affected by President Trumps Extreme Vetting Executive Order. I guess 7 isn't that bad.   How do you know a dog is better than a wife? Lock them both in the trunk of your car and see who is happier to see you after an hour when you let them out.   Yesterday my wife told me I was a selfish lover. I was so shocked I nearly choked on my own cock.   From the South, but Not Southern People: You're from the south? But you don't have an accent. Me: I know, my parents put me in school.   A guy goes to a particularly strange drive thru... The menu reads Burgers - 5 Handjobs - 10 A sexy waitress says "Can I take your order?" "Are you the girl doing the handjobs?" "Why yes, I am" The man hands the waitress 10 and says "Well clean your hands, because I want two burgers."   I misheard the Muslim ban as Muslim band I thought either Donald Trump is really into percussion or I've misunderstood.   There's a new antidepressant on the market for lesbians. Trycoxagin   How do you get a nun pregnant? You fuck her.   What did the doctor say to the midget waiting in the lobby? You're going to have to be a little patient.   Square Testicles An elderly woman walked into the Royal Bank of Ireland one morning with a purse full of money. She wanted to open a savings account and insisted on talking to the president of the Bank because, she said, she had a lot of money. After many lengthy discussions (after all, the client is always right) an employee took the elderly woman to the president's office. The president of the Bank asked her how much she wanted to deposit. She placed her purse on his desk and replied, '165,000'. The president was curious and asked her how she had been able to save so much money. The elderly woman replied that she made bets. The president was surprised and asked, 'What kind of bets?' The elderly woman replied, 'Well, I bet you 25,000 that your testicles are square.' The president started to laugh and told the woman that it was impossible to win a bet like that. The woman never batted an eye. She just looked at the president and said, 'Would you like to take my bet?' 'Certainly', replied the president. 'I bet you 25,000 that my testicles are not square.' 'Done', the elderly woman answered. 'But given the amount of money involved, if you don't mind I would like to come back at 10 ' clock tomorrow morning with my lawyer as a witness.' 'No problem', said the president of the Bank confidently. That night, the president became very nervous about the bet and spent a long time in front of the mirror examining his testicles, turning them this way and that, checking them over again and again until he was positive that no one could consider his testicles as square and reassuring himself that there was no way he could lose the bet. The next morning at exactly 10 o'clock the elderly woman arrived at the president's office with her lawyer and acknowledged the 25,000 bet made the day before that the president's testicles were square. The president confirmed that the bet was the same as the one made the day before. Then the elderly woman asked him to drop his pants etc. so that she and her lawyer could see clearly. The president was happy to oblige. The elderly woman came closer so she could see better and asked the president if she could touch them. 'Of course', said the president. 'Given the amount of money involved, you should be 100 sure.' The elderly woman did so with a little smile. Suddenly the president noticed that the lawyer was banging his head against the wall. He asked the elderly woman why he was doing that and she replied, 'Oh, it's probably because I bet him 100,000 that around 10 o'clock in the morning I would be holding the balls of the President of the Royal Bank of Ireland.'   Breitbart news is a lot like my girlfriend Fake.   Once I heard a man talking about a cul-de-sac. Turns out he was an Italian with an STD.   Betsy DeVos wants to eliminate trigonometry from school math curricula because it teaches our children to sin   According to a recent survey, 6 out of 7 dwarfs aren't Happy.   What I hate most about this subreddit: What I hate most about this subreddit: When the first line is the title.   Never tell me friction jokes... I just won't let them slide.   What did the bottle say to the glass after a long night? Nothing, they were both shattered.   I just don't get why so many Trump supporters are into BBW? Seriously though. His supporters even love that big beautiful Jewish one in Israel.   How many "Suh Dude"s does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None. It's already lit fam   A kid had sex with his teacher So the kid just got of school and he got into the car with his mom. The mom asks, "What did you do at school today?" The kid replies, "I had sex with the teacher." The mom was furious so when they got home, she told him to go to his room and wait for his father to come home. Well the father came home from work a couple hours later and the mother told him what their son said. The dad walks up to his sons room and says, "Son, I'm proud of you. I'm going to buy you a new bike." Later that day they got the bike and the father asks, "Would you like to try it out?" The son replies, "Not now. My butt still hurts   Why was the mushroom invited to the party? Because he's a fungi. Why was he asked to leave the party? Because there wasn't mushroom.   I used to date a girl with a lazy eye... but I dumped her because I could never hit the target. Like the carnival game of getting the water in the clowns mouth.   Why is the psychic so confident about the predictions she makes for 3 years out? Because she can see what is going to happen in 2020 crystal clear.   People told me the blind people's convention was great. I'm not really seeing it.   My shelf has been making weird clicking noises since I bought it it might be a Geiger counter   A fat Hawaiian man recently converted to Islam Aloha Snack-bar   A judge was arrested after ordering a group of crows confined to an insane asylum. What for? Committing a murder.   A young couple are showering together A young couple are showering when the girlfriend says, "Honey I want you to do something naughty." The boyfriend agrees. He then proceeds to drop shampoo in her left eye.   A skeleton walks into a bar... ...he orders a beer and a mop.   So a man is on a cruise... That's sponsored by the Democratic party for a fundraiser. He's walking around enjoying his time when he comes across a group of people watching a game of limbo. He sees that the crowd is really enjoying watching the game, so he hops in. When it's his turn to go under, he ducks waaayy under the bar as a show off to the crowd. As he expected, the crowd loves it and starts cheering and shouting. On his next turn, the man ducks even further under the bar than he did before, and the crowd goes wild! The man, excited by the crowd, shouts "Oh yeah? How about this?!" And grabs the bar and puts it on the very bottom peg and slides under with ease. To his surprise however, everyone in the crowd becomes enraged and starts throwing their drinks and appetizers at the man. The man, soaked from head to toe goes to the DJ and asks "what the hell was that?!" The DJ turns to the man and says, "well you lowered the bar sooo much that they thought you were Donald Trump"   What was the cat amputee's reaction to her successful transplant? It gave her pause   What do you call an Arab man without any goats? A virgin.   The European Union commissioners announce that an agreement has been reached to adopt English as the preferred language for European communications... As part of the negotiations, Her Majesty's Government conceded that English spelling had some room for improvement and has accepted a five-year phased plan for what will be known as EuroEnglish (Euro for short). In the first year, "s" will be used instead of the soft "c." Sertainly, sivil servants will resieve this news with joy. Also, the hard "c" will be replased with "k". Not only will this klear up konfusion, but typewriters kan have one less letter. There will be growing publik enthusiasm in the sekond year, when the troublesome "ph" will be replased by "f". This will make words like fotograf" 20 persent shorter. In the third year, publik akseptanse of the new spelling kan be expekted to reach the stage where more komplikated changes are possible. Governments will enkorage the removal of double letters, which have always ben a deterent to akurate speling. Also, al wil agre that the horible mes of silent "e"s in the languag is disgrasful, and they would go. By the fourth year, peopl wil be reseptiv to steps such as replasing "th" by "z" and "w" by " v". During ze fifz year, ze unesesary "o" kan be dropd from vords kontaining "ou", and similar changes vud of kors be aplid to ozer kombinations of leters. After zis fifz yer, ve vil hav a reli sensibl riten styl. Zer vil be no mor trubls or difikultis and evrivun vil find it ezi tu understand ech ozer. Ze drem vil finali kum tru.   A Vegan goes into a Mcdonalds and says 'I'm hungry but I can't eat anything with a face' The manager comes over. "Sir, by the time we serve your food it hasn't GOT a face".   What is a hispanics favorite arcade game? Guac-a-mole.   Why did the Death Star destroy the planet? For Alderaan reasons   What do Ivanka Trump and JFK airport have in common? Donald wouldn't be happy if a muslim entered either of them.   what's the difference between a gay man and a refrigerator ? The fridge doesn't fart when you pull your meat out   Breaking News: Coup Underway - Trump takes control of senate and declares martial law! Oh wait... That was Palpatine. False alarm.   Heard this one shopping at a mom and pop store. Maybe NSFW Store employee: do you know what slaves and coffee have in common? Me: uhhhhhh. Store employee: They're free! As he pointed to their complimentary coffee.   What did the earth say to the other planets? Wow. You guys have no life.   The wife and I mixed it up a bit last night... We washed the silverware BEFORE the dishes!   What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup? You can roast beef but you cant pee soup.   What's brown and sits in the forest? Winnie's pooh.   I think James A. Garfield Presidency was impactful He really trained for it   What is the difference between sand and menstrual fluid? It's difficult to gargle sand.   Why did the chicken cross the Mobius loop? To get to the other ... errr ... ummm ... wait ...   What is the best way to eat a vegetable? Remove the wheelchair first.   Mountains aren't just funny, They are hill areas   What's the difference between a Syrian chapel and a Turkish terrorist camp? America will let in people from the terrorist camp.   An alien visits Earth... An alien visits Earth and visits New York. He passes a pastry shop and he sees a huge crowd, fighting for the tastiest, freshest batch of freshly-cooked bread. "Me, me, me!" he hears. He passes by the candy shop where an teenager steals a lollipop from a little girl and she ends up fussing and screaming, stomping her legs left and right saying "He stole my lollipop!" he hears. He later passes by a restaurant, and sees a couple arguing over manners. "Forks and knives! Forks and knives, I tell you!" He wondered what that meant, but kept repeating it to himself. He passes a homeless man who won the lottery, screaming 'YEEEES!' - so the alien, confused, remembers the emotion and the word. As the streets emptied, the sky darkened, the alien enters an apartment building where it smelled and creaked with every step. He enters the first apartment, and sees an old man, drunk, lying on the floor. He didn't realize that the cops, who were called in, were behind him. - Who did this? asked the cop - ME ME ME! - screamed the alien - Why did you do it? - He stole my lollipop! - cried the alien - With what? With a gun? - Forks and knives! Forks and knives, I tell ya! -he answered - You're coming with us! - YEEEEES!   What do you call two stoners getting married? A weeding   What do you call a Saudi who doesn't care about current events? Living under Iraq.   Penguin A bartender was working late at night when suddenly a man ran bursting through the door and asked the bartender. Man: "QUICK, HOW TALL IS A PENGUIN?" The bartender slightly confused, he simply said. Bartender: "about this tall" The man started to panic and said. Man: "Oh god i ran over a nun!"   Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the chicks   What did the philosophical whisker say to the other? Man, we've really grown far from our roots.   It has been said that William Tell and his family were avid bowlers. However all the league records were destroyed in a fire, so we will never know for whom the Tells bowled.   A man just walked into my house and demanded I feed and water him. Offer him all my hospitality and pay him for watching my TV. I told him to back after Brexit. We don't want to do that in out country anymore.   How do you stop a dog from humping your leg.. Pic him up and suck on his dick   I tied some rope yesterday It was knot that interesting   Did you read the menu? 'Cause all I see is me 'n u   In Soviet America... Putin elects you.   After years of my mom telling me to bond with my stepdad... We finally bonded over a shared annoyance of her forcing us to do bonding activities. I guess you could call it ironic bonding.   The Pope visits Texas The Pope was state bound scheduled to give a speech in Dallas, TX. On their way to the venue the Pope rolls down the privacy glass in the limo and says to his chauffeur, "Hey, you know what? I've always rode in these things, but I've never driven one! Do you mind if we switch spots?" Being it was the Pope himself, the chauffeur felt he couldn't say no so he obliged and exchanged seats. It had been years since the Pope had driven, and he was having the time of his life cruising down the interstate going over 100mph! Consequently he was clocked by a state trooper and pulled over. As the trooper approached the vehicle and got a glance at the driver he quickly turned around and returned to his squad car to call his supervisor. The trooper called in and told the sergeant, "Sergeant, I'm afraid I pulled over someone very very important." In which he replied," Well, who is it, the governor?" "No, no, much more important than that!" "The President?!" "I'm afraid even more important than that!" "Well, who the hell is it then?!" "I don't know, but his chauffeur is the freakin' Pope!"   An Indian man was recently hospitalised after inhaling too many spices... He spent a month in a korma.   I was stealing kitchen utensils last night... And I barely made it out without getting caught. But it was a whisk I was willing to take.   A big Texan stopped at a local restaurant following a day roaming around in Mexico. While sipping his tequila, he noticed a sizzling, scrumptious looking platter being served at the next table. Not only did it look good, but the smell was wonderful. He asked the waiter, "What is that you just served?" The waiter replied, "Ah, Seor, you have excellent taste! Those are called Cojones de Toro, bull's testicles from the bull fight this morning. A real delicacy!" The cowboy said, "What the heck, bring me an order." The waiter replied, "I am so sorry, Seor. There is only one serving per day because there is only one bull fight each morning. If you come early and place your order, we will be sure to save you this delicacy." The next morning, the cowboy returned, placed his order, and that evening was served the one and only special delicacy of the day After a few bites, inspecting his platter, he called to the waiter and said, "These are delicious, but they are much, much smaller than the ones I saw you serve yesterday." The waiter shrugged his shoulders and replied, "Si, Seor. Sometimes the bull wins."   A man who walked into the the bar... Then he said to the bartender, "I bet you didn't see the second 'the' in the title, did you?"   A southern white woman waits in her seat in a restaurant alone. She keeps looking around, with an anxious look on her face. She takes sips of her wine and keeps checking her phone, reading over the Tinder conversations of the sweet guy she met. Finally, her date arrives. A handsome white man, in a white button-up shirt and blue jeans. He sits down and apologizes for being late. "It's not problem, hun" she says, laughing nervously. "There's one thing I gotta ask you though: it said on your Tinder bio that you're "a rapist"? Do you, like... HAVE to put that on there... legally?" The man is shocked at her words. "What?? Oh my goodness, that must be a typo! No no no, I'm very strongly against that sort of action. No, I'm a racist." "Oh, thank God! For a second there, I was really worried about my safety!"   What's the difference between a rooster, and a whore? A Rooster will wake the farmer with "a Cock a Doodle Doo!" whereas a Whore will wake the farmer as "a Any Cock'll Doo!"   Vegans are just as bad as non vegans. Stop drinking water, THATS A FISHES HOUSE YOU SICK FUCK!   Timmy: Is it a sin to wear shorts? They are so comfortable. Catholic Priest: No, I don't think its wrong to enjoy feeling little boys shorts.   Little Timmy's english lesson... ...was about food today. "Good morning class" says the teacher, "today's lesson is about food! Let's start by mentioning things we can eat. Come on kids." Sally raises her arm "bread!" "Very good, Sally!" Says the teacher. "Cornflakes!" says Billy. "Good one, cornflakes! Anyone else?" Timmy raises his hand and yells "Lamps!' The teacher pauses for a moment, confused: "Lamps? You can't eat lamps, what made you think that?" Timmy: "well last night I was walking past my parent's bedroom and I heard my dad say to my mom: turn off the lamp cause I'm gonna shove it down your throat."   Silence is golden. Duct tape is silver.   Catch me if you can... ...said the phrase to the other phrase   How can I invest in the Mexican airline industry? Call me crazy but once this wall goes up Ive got a gut-feeling I think thats one industry that will really be taking off.   How are new pants like a sub-par mansion? There's no ball room   Why did Steve Bannon call Trump supporters working-class hobbits? Because they're friends with grand wizards.   I was gonna masturbate to Ellen. But I just wasn't feeling it.   So a man backs into a car... So older man backs into a car while trying to leave a parking lot. After hitting the car, the old man looks in the mirror to see a midget hop out, obviously very angry. The midget goes up to the door and yells, "You just back into me, and I'm not happy". The elderly man takes off his glasses and responds, "Well then which one are ya".   What's black and white and red all over? A sunburnt penguin.   I'm looking for a joke about a sandwich I saw the other day so I can repost it... Ah, right sub!   Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don't work.   I hooked up my accelerator pedal in my car to my brake lights I hit the gas, people behind me stop, and I'm gone. Credit to Steven Wright.   What is a Sith Lord's favorite drink at the bar? A Palpitini   A first-grade teacher, Ms. Brooks, was having trouble with one of her students... A first-grade teacher, Ms. Brooks, was having trouble with one of her students. The teacher asked, "Harry, what's your problem?" Harry answered, "I'm too smart for the 1st grade. My sister is in the 3rd grade and I'm smarter than she is! I think I should be in the 3rd grade too!" Ms. Brooks had had enough. She took Harry to the principal's office. While Harry waited in the outer office, the teacher explained to the principal what the situation was. The principal told Ms. Brooks he would give the boy a test. If he failed to answer any of his questions he was to go back to the 1st grade and behave. She agreed. Harry was brought in and the conditions were explained to him and he agreed to take the test. Principal: "What is 3 x 3?" Harry: "9." Principal: "What is 6 x 6?" Harry: "36." And so it went with every question the principal thought a 3rd grader should know. The principal looks at Ms. Brooks and tells her, "I think Harry can go to the 3rd grade" Ms. Brooks says to the principal, "Let me ask him some questions." The principal and Harry both agreed. Ms. Brooks asks, "What does a cow have four of that I have only two of?" Harry, after a moment: "Legs." Ms. Brooks: "What is in your pants that you have but I do not have?" The principal wondered why would she ask such a question! Harry replied: "Pockets." Ms. Brooks: "What does a dog do that a man steps into?" Harry: "Pants." Ms. Brooks: What starts with a C, ends with a T, is hairy, oval, delicious and contains thin, whitish liquid?" Harry: "Coconut." The principal sat forward with his mouth hanging open. Ms. Brooks: "What goes in hard and pink then comes out soft and sticky?" The principal's eyes opened really wide and before he could stop the answer, Harry replied, "Bubble gum." Ms. Brooks: "What does a man do standing up, a woman does sitting down and a dog does on three legs?" Harry: "Shake hands." The principal was trembling. Ms. Brooks: "What word starts with an 'F' and ends in 'K' that means a lot of heat and excitement?" Harry: "Firetruck." The principal breathed a sigh of relief and told the teacher, "Put Harry in the fifth-grade, I got the last seven questions wrong.   I was stunned last night when my wife told me I was too wrapped up in myself. When the hell did I get a wife?   What do you call a pet Ewok that stays inside? An Endor pet   What do you call a formula that can predict Al Gore's dance moves? An Al Gore Rhythm algorithm.